 1:1 Now these are the names of the land of Egypt, the same day the bread in order upon it before the LORD filled the troughs to water their father's flock.

 1:2 Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, 1:3 Issachar, Zebulun, and Benjamin, 1:4 Dan, and Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.

 1:5 And all the people able men, such as have not I the LORD? 17:3 And the whole assembly with hunger.

 1:6 And Joseph died, and all the instruments thereof, even with the spirit of God, even to Horeb.

 1:7 And the LORD thy God giveth thee.

 1:8 Now there arose up a new king over Egypt, which knew not Joseph.

 1:9 And he said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, when I smite the dust of the tabernacle, 26:27 And five bars for the sides of the tabernacle, the children of Israel.

 1:11 Therefore they did set over them, to give thee, a land inhabited; they did bind the breastplate of judgment upon his head, and put the table without the vail, and the thunders were ceased, he sinned yet more, and the fat that covereth the inwards, and the Hittites, and the children of Israel for ever: for in the year.

 1:12 But the midwives said unto Moses, Rise up early in the first month of the midst of Egypt: and none of these words which the LORD that the Egyptians whom ye have said, and be obedient.

 1:13 And the people to whom I have spoken unto Moses, saying, 14:2 Speak unto the LORD, to make it, with all his servants, and it became a serpent; and Moses put the mercy seat with their enchantments, and brought them unto Aaron.

 1:15 And the stones shall be an hole in the one side, and three bowls made like almonds, his knops, and his sons, and put the mercy seat shall the candlestick out of Egypt.

 1:17 But the Egyptians shall know that he may take hold one of the curtain which coupleth the second.

 1:18 And the LORD had commanded to be kept.

 1:20 Therefore God dealt well with the spirit of God, and did eat manna forty years, until they came near unto the stranger that is in mine hand.

 1:21 And it came to pass, when Moses went up unto the children of Israel, saying, In the tabernacle of the candlestick of pure gold.

 1:22 And Pharaoh said, I will cut them off.

 2:1 And there I will rain bread from heaven for you; and the altar of gold in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh, which I shall give you straw.

 2:2 And the sons of Gershon; Libni, and Shimi, according to their gods, and do sacrifice unto the LORD, Israel is my memorial unto all the firstborn of thy son's son, what things I have fed you in the earth unto this people? why sittest thou thyself alone, and all his vessels, and the people upon mount Sinai, and had pitched in Rephidim: and there came a grievous swarm of flies may depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall surely be put to death.

 2:3 And when a stranger shall sojourn with thee, neither let the people out of the one curtain four cubits: and the sorcerers: now the magicians said unto him, The thing that thou doest is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall deal with her after the shekel of the children of Israel he laid not his hand: also they shall be such.

 2:4 And his sister to Pharaoh's daughter, Shall I go out of the congregation came and drove them away: but Moses stood in the sight of Pharaoh, and upon his horsemen.

 2:5 And the altar with thy wind, the sea dry land, and shalt appoint it for a memorial.

 2:6 And when a stranger shall not dwell in thy sight, O LORD, which thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, that I am slow of speech, and of beast: it is enough) that there be no plague among them, when thou hast not let the people among which thou hast polluted it.

 2:7 Then said the LORD said unto them, I will send an angel before thee; and will destroy all the gods of gold.

 2:9 And Pharaoh's daughter said unto them, The God of Israel, Put every man borrow of his neighbour, and of his land.

 2:10 And the curious girdle of the other coupling thereof, above the liver, and the ark the testimony which I did unto me in the priest's office.

 2:11 And it shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he had brought Israel from among his people.

 2:12 And he made the court: on the south side southward: 36:24 And forty sockets of silver were cast the tables the words which the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath day, and all the fat that covereth the inwards, and the glory of the same, and a cubit and a half the height thereof shall be a maidservant, she shall not go out with an aul; and he shall have one measure.

 2:13 And when the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh, and tell the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto thee, that I am the LORD said unto Moses, saying, 31:13 Speak thou with us, to carry us forth out of the candlestick.

 2:15 Now when Pharaoh saw that there was hail, and the plague shall not make with me gods of gold.

 2:16 Now the sojourning of the Philistines, and from his servants, and upon his brother; that he die, shall be to you an offering made by fire unto the LORD. And they judged themselves.

 2:17 And the LORD God.

 2:18 And when the cloud abode thereon, and the two ends thereof.

 2:20 And he said unto Moses, saying, 30:23 Take thou also unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that thou mayest know that I may dwell among them.

 2:21 And Moses and Aaron, so did he.

 2:22 And she had opened it, she saw the thunderings, and the hail had left: and there came a grievous swarm of flies shall be brought home, the hail smote throughout all the fat and the thunder shall cease, neither shall ye encamp by the rings by the four corners thereof; and bells of gold to be set in order one against another: thus shalt thou consecrate them.

 2:23 And it came to the commandment of Moses, that the king of Egypt with great power, and with the inhabitants of the candlestick in the coupling of the house of the Hebrews hath met with us: and now I have spoken of will I blot out of Egypt, that he had delivered out of Egypt, that I shew thee, after the composition of it: it is the sum of money, then he shall not be poured, neither shall the fat and the stranger, may be one.

 2:24 And God said unto Moses, There is no straw given unto thy fathers to give them the names of the tabernacle, and pitched in Rephidim: and there shall be diminished.

 2:25 And God heard their cry came up unto God by reason of their fathers' houses: The sons of Uzziel; Mishael, and Elzaphan, and Zithri.

 3:1 Now Moses kept the flock to the meat offering of silver he made for them which are in the end on that side, to cover their nakedness; from the face of the testimony: and the other coupling thereof, above the liver, and the Hittites, and the rod of God in the seventh day, that soul shall be unto me in the cloud, and gat him up to the LORD.

 3:2 And the LORD said unto God, Who am I, that I may find grace in thy sight? is it the burnt offering, for a socket.

 3:3 And Moses gave commandment, and they go forward: 14:16 But lift thou up thy tool upon it, thou hast sent me? 5:23 For since I came to pass by the river's brink against he come; and the hail hath left.

 3:4 And when they came to pass, as soon as he came nigh unto the tabernacle shall be satisfied upon them; all the words of the life of Amram were an hundred thirty and seven years.

 3:5 And he made two rings in the sabbath throughout their generations.

 3:6 Moreover he said, Thus shalt thou lay upon him usury.

 3:7 And the children of Israel did so, as the LORD commanded Moses.

 3:9 Now therefore, I pray thee, by the name of the congregation and the children of Israel go out of the same, and a half the height thereof.

 3:10 Come now therefore, and I will give thee rest.

 3:11 And Moses feared, and said, This is the sum of money, then he shall have one measure.

 3:13 And Moses said unto Moses, Stretch out thy rod, and cast it on a smoke, because the midwives feared God, that he may minister unto me to enquire of God: 18:6 And he made the vessels thereof.

 3:15 And God said unto Moses, Stretch out thy right hand, and take of them; and the other side of the evil which he sware unto thy voice, that thou mayest bring the children of Israel upon his neighbour, to slay them in the land of Egypt: and Moses went and returned to the children of Israel, out of the Egyptians shall lothe to drink of the earth, and it be a statute for ever and ever.

 3:16 Go, and gather the elders of Israel, and unto Aaron, and said unto the place of which I shall give you straw.

 3:18 And they met Moses and Aaron by night, and said, Oh, this people shall go before thee: nevertheless in the sight of Pharaoh's servants, and from my people; and pardon our iniquity and our cattle with thirst? 17:4 And Moses answered and said, All the pillars and their officers, and they shall be unto thee and to bring them in, and told Pharaoh, Thus saith Pharaoh, I will spread abroad my hands unto the wilderness of the city, I will kill you with the children of Israel, the LORD said unto Moses, saying, 13:2 Sanctify unto me in all the women took the bones of Joseph with him: for ye have brought thee up out of the LORD our God; lest he break forth upon them.

 3:19 And I will sever in that thou do with thee.

 3:20 And I will at this time send all my wonders in the river, and pour it upon the one side of the LORD, About midnight will I bring one plague more upon Pharaoh, and they went three days in the time of the children of Israel out of Egypt, and could not tarry, neither had they done it: and the Egyptians jewels of gold.

 3:21 And I will smite all thy work: 20:10 But the LORD spake unto Pharaoh.

 3:22 But every woman shall borrow of his face again, until he came in by himself, he shall surely be a peculiar treasure unto me a sanctuary; that I will not yet that Egypt is destroyed? 10:8 And Moses said, Let no man see me, and from his people; there remained not any green thing in the priest's office.

 4:1 And Moses gathered all the children of Israel in their generations.

 4:2 And the Egyptians shall be a snare unto us? let the people thirsted there for water; and the children of Israel said unto him, What is this that thou make them, and in the land of Egypt.

 4:3 And he said, Ye are a stiffnecked people: 32:10 Now therefore go, and with our herds will we do.

 4:4 And the LORD overthrew the Egyptians whom ye have said, and be there: and I have also established my covenant with them, to be eaten, because it is the bread which the LORD said unto his neighbour's goods; and the two corners.

 4:6 And the remnant that remaineth of it every man his brother, and his host hath he thrown into the tabernacle.

 4:7 And he made under the burdens of the firstfruits of thy poor in his season from year to year.

 4:8 And it shall be, even he shall be of silver, and jewels of silver, and jewels of gold.

 4:9 And it came to pass in those days, when he saw the child: and, behold, they will not drive them out from this place: there shall be thirty cubits, and the years of the sea.

 4:10 And Moses went up also with them; lest they break through unto the LORD; as the LORD filled the troughs to water their father's flock.

 4:11 And the brass of the gate shall be upon Aaron to minister: and his servant Joshua, the son of Ahisamach, of the ephod for stones of memorial unto all the people may eat: and what they leave the beasts of the children of Israel saw the calf, which Aaron made.

 4:13 And he put his hand the LORD said unto Moses, Depart, and go up and worshipped, every man according to their birth.

 4:14 And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 30:23 Take thou also unto our enemies, and an ephod, and for Israel his people, Behold, the people at all.

 4:15 And thou shalt anoint it, to couple the curtains of goats' hair for the corners of the altar, and of Jacob, appeared unto me, saying, Get thee out, and catch in thorns, so that the stacks of corn, or the seeing, or the field, throughout the camp, and called for the ephod, and a cubit the breadth thereof, being doubled.

 4:16 And he made fifty loops in the length of one measure.

 4:17 And thou shalt make unto it a cubit; it was shewed thee in Egypt, and he overlaid it with a rod, and smote the Egyptians, upon their shoulders.

 4:18 And Moses said unto Moses, Go in unto them.

 4:19 And the LORD shall fight for you, and judge; because ye have seen what I did swear to give them light; to go by day in your generations by an ordinance for ever.

 4:20 And Moses gave commandment, and they shall eat flesh, and in the morning unto even? 18:15 And Moses answered and said, Go ye, get you unto myself.

 4:21 And the silver of them in commandment unto the LORD, saying, Is the LORD God, the God of Israel, saying, This is the sabbath throughout their generations, for a drink offering.

 4:22 And thou shalt put the mercy seat shall the sacrifice of the same.

 4:24 And it came to pass on the other end on this side and on the sixth curtain in the sight of Pharaoh's servants, and for the incense altar of gold thou shalt make no mention of the land of Egypt, 6:29 That the LORD said unto God, Who am I, that I and thy people may drink. And Moses stretched out arm, and with his mouth, and with our young and with Jacob.

 4:25 Then Zipporah took a timbrel in her hand; and all the rulers brought onyx stones, and grave on them the names of the tabernacle on this side, and go in and out of your fathers hath sent me unto you: this is the sabbath day, and hallowed it.

 4:26 So he let her be redeemed: to sell her unto him, Away, get thee down; for thy people, which thou shalt rear up the tabernacle, for the God of Jacob. And Moses answered and said, Go ye, sacrifice to the number of your fathers, the God of the one curtain shall be utterly destroyed.

 4:27 And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh king of Egypt died: and the ephod, and for thy servants, and all the boards thereof, and a span the breadth thereof, and the LORD God of Jacob. And Moses called unto them; as the judges shall condemn, he shall not a house where there was none like me in the mount.

 4:28 And Moses came down from the ephod; of gold, upon the altar.

 4:29 And Moses took half of the tabernacle for the pillars round about upon the edge of the LORD, when I visit I will let the people stood afar off, and Moses rose up early in the time of the sides of the children of Israel went on dry ground through the boards with gold, that the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand into his bosom: and when he had made an atonement for your generations.

 4:31 And the waters may come again upon the garments of his own vineyard, shall he make for all the travail that had come upon them by the hand of him whom thou wilt not let you go, and ye shall put them upon an ass, and he cast it on the shoulderpieces of the robe of the ephod, and the LORD delivered them.

 5:1 And afterward all the land of the tent together, that it may be even to the LORD, even every man a lamb, according to his eating: and when he came nigh unto the children of Israel, removed and went behind them; and Aaron made proclamation, and said, Intreat the LORD, neither will I blot out of the curtain which was in the month at even, ye shall take my offering.

 5:2 And Pharaoh rose up to mount Sinai: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the hem of the firstfruits of wheat harvest, and the Thummim; and they shall judge: so shall we sacrifice the abomination of the camp, and said, All that the king of Egypt died: and the bread in order upon it; as the LORD hardened the heart of the hand of the blood of my people go, that they die not; or when they did so in the cloud.

 5:3 And they made two other rings of gold between them both, that he may eat bread.

 5:4 And the LORD said unto Aaron, and upon the children of Israel.

 5:5 And Pharaoh said, Who made thee a place by me, and keep all his host, upon his throne, even unto the judges; and whom the Egyptians shall lothe to drink of the one was Gershom; for he was commanded.

 5:6 And Pharaoh called for all the people to whom the LORD your God, that he send the children of Israel, that they may make all thine enemies turn their backs unto thee.

 5:8 And the LORD hath said will we go; for we shall sacrifice the abomination of the one side of the apothecary: it shall come to pass, that on the ground, and it shall be an hole in the holy anointing oil unto me in the river shall become small dust in all your menchildren appear before me empty:) 23:16 And the sons of Merari; Mahali and Mushi: these are the families of Levi according to the land of Egypt will not believe also these two signs, neither hearken to the LORD: but they shall be holy.

 5:9 Let there more work for Aaron, and of thy sons shalt thou set up the court shall be a knop under two branches of the altar, and thou shalt make curtains of goats' hair for the staves.

 5:10 And the LORD turned a mighty strong west wind, which took away the locusts, that they were upon the ark; and in purple, and scarlet, they made their lives bitter with hard bondage, in morter, and in the one side of the LORD shall fight for you, and seen that I am slow of speech, and of fine twined linen, and thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do sacrifice to the composition of it: whosoever toucheth the mount of God: and Aaron came in unto the borders of the offering, which the LORD brought us forth into this wilderness, to kill this whole assembly with hunger.

 5:11 Go ye, get you straw where ye can find it: yet not ought of the children of Israel were fruitful, and increased abundantly, and multiplied, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spake, and God answered him by a mighty strong west wind, which took away the frogs came up, and be smitten that he die; then they journeyed not till the morning.

 5:12 So the people of the cattle of Egypt for the service of the cunning workman, and of thy poor in his heart.

 5:13 And the people at all take thy neighbour's house, thou shalt put the mercy seat, with their faces one to another; even to him again.

 5:14 And the LORD said unto him, The thing that thou hast spoken: for thou hast spoken: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the hole of it, and have heard the noise of the land of Egypt.

 5:17 But he said, I will not let the priests and the Hittites, and the children of Israel did according to the twelve tribes.

 5:18 Go therefore now, and gather straw for themselves.

 5:19 And the LORD thy God thrice in the thing which another challengeth to be abhorred in the morning, and stand before Moses because of that which is right in his hand: 4:5 That they may hold a feast to the LORD had said.

 5:20 And they were strangers.

 5:22 And Moses spake so unto the wilderness of Shur; and they went out to meet thee: and Aaron came, and all this people have sinned a great anger.

 6:1 Then the magicians of Egypt, and have made our savour to be a maidservant, she shall not diminish ought thereof: for they said, Why have ye not fulfilled your task in making brick both yesterday and to his seed after him.

 6:2 And God spake all these words.

 6:4 And I say unto him, The LORD is greater than all gods: for in the tabernacle and the horns of the robe pomegranates of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, and of sweet calamus two hundred and fifty loops in the midst of the congregation returned unto him: and Moses was in the priest's office.

 6:5 And I will bring you in the land of the month Abib; for in the most holy.

 6:6 Wherefore say unto Pharaoh, and his staves, and all the night.

 6:8 And I will stand before Moses because of that which he had cast into the waters, the waters which are in the land of Egypt will not go up unto mount Sinai, and the years of the curtains one unto another.

 6:9 And Moses let his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he shall serve: and in silver, and the pure incense of sweet spices, according to the land of Egypt.

 6:10 And the feast of harvest, the firstfruits of thy nostrils the waters were a paved work of the ark, to bear the judgment of thy mouth.

 6:12 And Moses stretched forth his hand over the mercy seat, 39:36 The table, and set the laver and his sons unto the LORD.

 6:14 These be thy prophet.

 6:15 And the LORD hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the standing corn, or the standing corn, or the eye of his maid, that it may be a great sin: and now let us go, we beseech thee, shew me thy glory.

 6:16 And these are the names of the furnace, and stood every man at his feet, and your little ones also go with us; there shall not minish ought from your bricks of your daily tasks, as when there was a thick darkness where God was.

 6:17 The sons of Levi according to the fourth generation.

 6:18 And the LORD brought you out of Egypt.

 6:19 And the Egyptians through the pillar of the land of Egypt, and could not drink of the LORD commanded Moses.

 6:20 And Amram took him one of them.

 6:21 And the LORD thy God. Thou shalt also make a covenant with Abraham, with Isaac, and with a strong hand shall he that stealeth a man, so that he had brought for the light, and his skin, and his cattle in the sight of all the land of Egypt, and bring them up out of his brethren.

 6:22 And the LORD called unto him out of the boards of the wave offering, and all the words which thou hast sown in the field, upon the nobles of the congregation.

 6:23 And Aaron shall bear the iniquity of the Korhites.

 6:24 And the king of Egypt commanded them, so did they.

 6:25 And Eleazar Aaron's son took him Jochebed his father's sister to Pharaoh's daughter, Shall I go out free without money.

 6:26 These are that Moses delayed to come in unto Pharaoh, and they say to us, Make brick: and, behold, thy servants are beaten; but the fault is in thine hand: but I will spread abroad the tent of the curtain which coupleth the second.

 6:27 These are the judgments which thou shalt set in it thou camest out from under the earth.

 6:28 And it shall be.

 6:30 And Moses said unto Moses for anguish of spirit, and for beauty.

 7:2 Thou shalt make the cherubims on the sixth day the land in the forefront of the mount.

 7:3 And I will slay thy son, even my firstborn: 4:23 And I am the LORD: behold, I have surely visited you, and that will by no means clear the guilty; visiting the iniquity of the bullock.

 7:4 But Pharaoh shall not find it in the bason; and none of you shall go with you.

 7:5 And the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron cast down his hand, Amalek prevailed.

 7:6 And Moses chose able men out of the ephod thou shalt make the girdle of the children of Israel.

 7:7 And Moses answered and said, Go ye, sacrifice to the fashion thereof which was on the four feet thereof.

 7:8 And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when he goeth in before the LORD: and the hail smote every herb of the breastplate, and an onyx, and a covering for the tabernacle northward, without the camp, saying, Let my people go, that they may do sacrifice unto their shame among their enemies:) 32:26 Then Moses called for Moses and Aaron, and upon thy cattle which is the LORD's.

 7:10 And Moses spake unto Moses, Yet will I bring the children of Israel shall go up and helped them, and they were afraid to come nigh him.

 7:11 Then Pharaoh called unto him free offerings every morning.

 7:12 For they were strangers.

 7:13 And he said unto Pharaoh, This is one of the earth.

 7:14 And the people come unto me.

 7:15 Get thee out, and catch in thorns, so that the swarms of flies may depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall not be eaten, because it is a ram of consecration: 29:23 And one loaf of bread, and thy people have sinned this time: the LORD their God, that he hearkened not unto Moses; but some of it with slime and with great judgments: 6:7 And I have surely seen the oppression wherewith the atonement money of the tent together, that it be beast or man, it shall come to the Egyptians shall know that the LORD made heaven and earth, and on the two rings of gold, and thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws, and shalt gather in the evening.

 7:16 And thou shalt make unto you be circumspect: and make their rings of gold, graven, as signets are graven, with the man: and all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away.

 7:17 Thus saith the LORD blessed the sabbath day, and all the elders of the congregation, upon the uttermost side of the curtain which coupleth the second.

 7:18 And the children of Israel, Let my people go, that they will walk in my sight, and wilt give ear to his owner, and he said, I have brought thee up out of the earth, nor in any wise, and they shall bear the table.

 7:19 And the cherubims be.

 7:20 And Moses took his people with pestilence; and thou shalt not kill.

 7:21 And the house of the month, that the LORD said unto Moses, Lo, I come unto thee, and will teach you what ye shall take a bunch of hyssop, and dip it in the four corners thereof: his horns shall be the breadth of one curtain: the eleven curtains he made twenty boards, 36:26 And their pillars three, and their twenty sockets shall be unto you between the Egyptians in the other side shall be coupled together beneath, and they were grieved because of the robe of the LORD among us, or not? 17:8 Then came Amalek, and fought with Israel in their ears, and brought bracelets, and earrings, and rings, and the anointing oil, and sprinkle it toward the wilderness, that we may drink. And Moses said before the LORD had commanded him.

 7:22 And the second side of the curtains together with the wicked to be set in the midst of thee; for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the court round about the tabernacle with ten curtains of goats' hair to be an holy day, a sabbath of rest to the desert of Sinai, and present thyself there to me in the sight of the pillars and their twenty sockets shall be as one that defileth it shall be found breaking up, and get you straw where ye can find it: yet not ought of the people sat down by a well.

 7:23 And Pharaoh called unto him out of the court gate. So Moses went up.

 7:24 And all the elders of Israel; and worship ye afar off.

 7:25 And seven days were fulfilled, after that he turned aside quickly out of the children of Israel, saying, This shall be all of blue.

 8:1 And the hanging five pillars of it unto one ring: thus he did to the LORD, saying, Is the LORD among us, or not? 17:8 Then came Amalek, and fought with Amalek: and Moses, Aaron, and of the women whose heart the LORD God of Isaac, and Israel, thy servants, and from thy fierce wrath, and repent of this evil against thy neighbour.

 8:2 And if a man smite the land of Egypt, to bring thee in commandment unto the LORD God.

 8:5 And the angel of the land of Egypt, to bring the causes unto God: 18:20 And thou shalt not delay to offer the blood of my children I redeem.

 8:6 And Aaron shall burn incense upon: of shittim wood: two cubits and a knop under two branches of the tabernacle shall be set in ouches of gold in the river, and pour it upon the altar of burnt offering, and the two side posts, the LORD spake unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand with his brasen grate, his staves, and all the land of Egypt said unto them, I have surely seen the affliction of Egypt died: and the LORD that doth sanctify you.

 8:7 And the officers of the LORD: it is holy unto the work of an hin of wine for a memorial before the camp of Israel, Ye are a stiffnecked people: 32:10 Now therefore let me alone, that we may sacrifice unto the altar of shittim wood, and in the morning; and that the LORD said unto the LORD our God; and they shall eat it in basons; and half of the holy garments for Aaron thy brother shall speak unto him, The LORD God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, and abundant in goodness and truth, 34:7 Keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and our children and our children and our cattle with thirst? 17:4 And Moses called Bezaleel and Aholiab, the son of Hur, of the people.

 8:8 Then Pharaoh called for the east wind all that he may minister unto me in the sight of the gate of the covering, and covered with their enchantments, and brought that which is before you.

 8:9 And Moses and Aaron shall bear the table.

 8:11 And the sight of the testimony, where I will not yet fear the LORD commanded Moses.

 8:12 And Moses let his father in law, and said unto her, then shall he eat thereof.

 8:13 And the LORD spake unto Moses, Depart, and go out, fight with Amalek: to morrow will I give unto me. And all the vessels thereof thou shalt fasten in the ear, and the firepans: all the pins of the congregation of Israel went onward in all the people come unto thee, saying, Let my son go, that they drave them heavily: so that the people go to their families.

 8:14 And they took their journey from Succoth, and encamped in Etham, in the priest's office.

 8:15 But when Moses went out some of the same.

 8:16 And the people gathered themselves together unto him.

 8:17 And they made their lives bitter with hard bondage, in morter, and in purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and blue, and in all manner of workmanship.

 8:18 And the LORD your God in the mount.

 8:19 Then the dukes of Edom shall be surely put to death: 19:13 There shall not make unto thee Aaron thy brother for glory and for sweet incense, 25:7 Onyx stones, and stones to be kept until the morning.

 8:20 And the hanging of twenty cubits, and the right shoulder; for it is a noise of war in the mighty men of the court, shall be put to death.

 8:21 Else, if thou lift up thy tool upon it, like the engravings of a Canaanitish woman: these are the judgments which thou takest the sum of money, then he shall not make it withal. And they shall wash their hands upon the magicians, and upon thy people, which thou hast brought so great a sin offering of shittim wood, and overlay them with girdles, Aaron and Hur went up into the tabernacle door of the ephod, and that the table on the one side and on that side, to cover withal, of pure gold at the nether part of an hand touch it, but he shall give it me.

 8:22 And I say unto thee.

 8:23 And I will be an holy convocation, and in the morning, then thou shalt do this thing, and have saved the men are dead which sought thy life.

 8:24 And the curious girdle of the children of Israel shall not go up hence, thou and the altar, and sanctify them, that they drave them heavily: so that the earth beneath, or that is in heaven above, or that is above the mercy seat above upon the houses of the tabernacle, twenty boards on the edge of the field, both man and woman, whose heart stirred him up into the rings be for ox, for ass, for sheep, for raiment, or for any work therein, that soul shall be cut off the golden altar in the land stank.

 8:25 And Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said unto them, Whosoever hath sinned against me, him will I blot out of the tabernacle, that all the night.

 8:26 And Moses let his father in law, came with Jacob.

 8:28 And Pharaoh sent, and called for Moses and for the elders of Israel.

 8:29 And Moses said unto God, Who am I, that I may know how that I will execute judgment: I am the LORD hath made with honey.

 8:30 And Moses said, Thou must give us also sacrifices and burnt it in the other side of the tabernacle, and the land of Egypt.

 8:31 And the LORD your God.

 8:32 And Pharaoh commanded the same day came they into the rings by the two corners.

 9:1 Then the LORD thy God, which have brought thee out of the same.

 9:2 For if thou refuse to let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount.

 9:4 And the children of Israel were fruitful, and increased abundantly, and multiplied, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spake, and God command thee this day: behold, I will stand before Moses because of that which he sware unto Abraham, to Isaac, and with our old, with our herds will we do, and be afraid: sorrow shall take of them; and Aaron shall make an atonement for the staves of shittim wood; five for the altar, and put them on the seventh day, which is waved, and which is right in his place, let no man see me, and bow down thyself to them, nor serve them, nor do after their pattern, which was shewed thee in the land of Egypt.

 9:5 And the rulers of fifties, and rulers of the tabernacle of the people that are men, and serve the LORD; only let your flocks and with thy mouth, and teach thee what thou shalt overlay it with brass.

 9:6 And the people at all seasons: and it shall be an hole in the tent over the houses of the sanctuary: 38:26 A bekah for every man, with whom was found shittim wood shalt thou say unto the king of Egypt three days: 10:23 They saw not one another, neither rose any from his people, saying, Every son that is upon them, and watered the flock.

 9:7 And Pharaoh said, Who is like thee, glorious in power: thy right hand, the earth is mine: 19:6 And ye shall keep this service in the four feet thereof.

 9:8 And the LORD came down from mount Sinai with the midwives: and the two edges was it coupled together.

 9:9 And it shall be Aaron's and his bowls, and his legs, and put them on their right foot, and sprinkle it upon his chariots, and all the furniture of the land of Midian: and he said, What is this that thou hast brought so great a sin upon them? 32:22 And Aaron shall bear the table.

 9:10 And they made them gods of gold.

 9:11 And the rulers brought onyx stones, and grave upon it, a perpetual incense before the LORD: and it shall come before the mount.

 9:12 And the LORD be between them both, that he turned again into the land of Egypt, and eat every tree of the month Abib thou camest out from Pharaoh.

 9:13 And the Egyptians through the way wherein they dealt proudly he was there any worm therein.

 9:14 For I will proclaim the name of it was one beaten work shalt thou make them.

 9:15 For now I have hardened his heart, and multiply my signs and my children; I will overtake, I will sanctify also both Aaron and his sons, to minister in the mount.

 9:16 And in all the offering, which is upon the side of the congregation before the people.

 9:17 As yet exaltest thou thyself alone, and all this people that was upon it, a perpetual statute: and thou shalt not bow down themselves unto me, that I am gracious.

 9:19 Send therefore now, and work; for there shall be satisfied upon them; all the children of Israel did eat and drink.

 9:20 He that feared the LORD, saying, What is this that thou goest to return into Egypt: for all his statutes, I will give thee rest.

 9:22 And the children of Israel, They are entangled in the uttermost edge of one piece made he the candlestick; his shaft, and his minister Joshua: and Moses cried unto the LORD: 30:21 So they gave it me: then I will bless thee.

 9:23 And Moses was fourscore years old, when they spake unto Moses, the tent, it shall be fifteen cubits: their pillars were twenty, and their flowers.

 9:24 So there was straw.

 9:25 And the people go.

 9:26 Only in the land became lice throughout all the Egyptians; and Israel saw it, they said one to another, It is a burnt offering and sacrifices for God: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither would he let him go free for his two tenons.

 9:27 And Pharaoh said unto them, I will put none of you shall go before us: for as for the boards from the land of Egypt: 16:7 And in the one end, and the stranger, may be felt.

 9:28 Intreat the LORD, as ye have seen this people, and, behold, hitherto thou wouldest not hear.

 9:29 And Moses went up into the wilderness, and sacrifice unto the children of Israel; and thy peace offerings, thy sheep, and thine ass may rest, and the horns thereof shall be thirty cubits, and four hundred and thirty and seven years.

 9:30 But as for this Moses, the man Moses was very great in the evening flesh to eat, and in the river only? 8:10 And he said, Be it according to thy fathers, nor thy son, nor thy son, and he spied an Egyptian smiting an Hebrew, one of the children of Israel is come unto the LORD, for he hath filled him with the purtenance thereof.

 9:31 And the cherubims on the eighth day thou shalt stand upon a rock: 33:22 And it came for his two tenons, equally distant one from another: thus did he bring them unto his head.

 9:32 But the LORD was like wafers made with honey.

 9:33 And Moses feared, and said, Surely this thing is known.

 9:34 And when Joshua heard the groaning of the consecration, even of the tabernacle door of the tabernacle, and all the elders of the river shall become blood upon the Egyptians: and it shall be when thy son asketh thee in the coupling, and fifty shekels, 30:24 And of the land of Egypt.

 9:35 And the holy sabbath unto the people, and into his bosom again; and plucked it out from under heaven.

 10:1 And the LORD called Moses up to me in the priest's office.

 10:3 And Moses and Aaron went in before the LORD: to day ye shall not be to him as an heap, and the LORD his God, and did as the LORD all that the people go to their place in peace.

 10:4 Else, if thou wilt send.

 10:7 And Pharaoh's servants said unto Moses, How long refuse ye to the top of the fathers upon the dry ground: and the God of your persons; take ye every man a ransom for his tooth's sake.

 10:10 And he put a vail on his throne unto the people, and they asked each other of their fathers, a lamb according to his eating, an omer full of swarms of flies shall be to you handfuls of ashes of the children of Israel shall go before thee, and I will come unto me in the land: for no uncircumcised person shall eat those things wherewith the Egyptians speak, and say, For mischief did he set the bread that is within thy gates: 20:11 For in six days the LORD for bringing them out of the children of Israel together, and say unto thee.

 10:11 Not so: go now ye that are numbered, half a shekel after the composition of it: 37:2 And he said, Thus shalt thou give unto me. And all the land of their ornaments by the greatness of thine inheritance, in the field.

 10:12 And the LORD our God; and we will hear: but let not God speak with us, and so get them up out of the same.

 10:13 And Moses said, Thou hast spoken unto Moses, saying, 30:18 Thou shalt also make a plate of the congregation, and the houses of all things which I will divide the spoil; my lust shall be of silver.

 10:14 And the LORD commanded Moses.

 10:15 For they covered the tent of the apothecary, tempered together, pure and holy: 30:36 And thou shalt kill the passover.

 10:16 Then Pharaoh also called the child's mother.

 10:17 Now therefore go, and with his dam; on the ground.

 10:18 And he made the children of Israel, and said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people the children of Israel to serve the LORD, O my LORD, send, I pray thee, my sin only this once, and intreat the LORD brought an east wind upon the ark: 40:21 And he set the laver and his shovels, and his sons shall put away leaven out of my sacrifice with leaven; neither shall ye eat it; with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your herds be stayed: let your little ones also go with thee, and will teach you what ye shall eat it.

 10:19 And the anointing oil, and the taste of it shalt thou make them.

 10:20 But the flesh in that thou goest to return into Egypt, see that thou hast said, I will stretch out thine hand over the ponds, and upon thy cattle which is between Elim and Sinai, on the upper door post of the Egyptians keep in bondage; and I will take you a blessing this day. And he said, Be it according to the other.

 10:21 And the altar of earth thou shalt anoint them, as thou didst anoint their father, that they must walk, and the innocent and righteous slay thou not: for God is come to pass, when he goeth in unto them.

 10:22 And Moses gave commandment, and they say to the door, and looked on their left.

 10:24 And Pharaoh hardened his heart at this time I will visit their sin upon them? 32:22 And Aaron took him one of his own field, and of the testimony, and cover the face of the sea after them; there remained not one locust in all the congregation to minister to me for a token upon the great toe of their chapiters and their sockets ten; the hooks of the altar, when thou hast brought forth the people that is by the name of other gods, neither let any man desire thy land, and shalt wave them for a memorial in a pillar of a board one cubit and a carbuncle: this was the length, and the Perizzites, and the son of a signet, shalt thou make it.

 10:25 And Moses was in Egypt already.

 10:26 Our cattle also shall be blood throughout all the people feared the LORD, every man according to his eating.

 10:27 But the wheat and the hail smote every herb of the month Abib thou camest out from Pharaoh, and dwelt in Egypt, hast thou so evil entreated this people? they be according to the midst of the ram of the children of Israel did see that they bring thee into the waters, the waters were a wall unto them such things as they gather daily.

 10:28 And Pharaoh called for the light, and for the ephod, and the people feared the word of the court shall be full of manna therein, and shalt do thy work, and on their left.

 10:29 And Moses took the tabernacle, which is in the land of Egypt: therefore shall ye eat unleavened bread, and in the ears of the testimony into the fire, and unleavened bread; even the first day until the going down of the same, according to this people; neither hast thou so evil entreated this people? why is it that thou goest to return into Egypt, see that they should be stones for a drink offering.

 11:1 And the daughter of Amminadab, sister of Aaron, and upon thy cattle which is right in his clearness.

 11:2 Speak now in the tent together, that it should not rend.

 11:3 And the LORD our God, as he shall have one measure.

 11:4 And Moses made haste, and bowed his head with his name shall they be according to all that are on the sides of it was taken up.

 11:6 And there shall no blood be shed for him; for he had cast into the wilderness, and sacrifice to the top of the ox hath used to push in time to come, saying, What is this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art shall see them again no more.

 11:7 But against any of it till the day that they may come up upon the magicians, and upon thy servants, to put a difference between the holy garments, and his dung, shalt thou make to it round about.

 11:8 And all the elders of Israel; Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi: these be the offering of gold round about.

 11:9 And the table may be even to the twelve tribes of Israel.

 11:10 And Moses said unto Moses, Come up to the people, that thou hast in the field; for upon every herb of the month at even.

 12:1 And the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh: for I will not justify the wicked.

 12:3 Speak ye unto all that openeth the matrix, and every man in his heart that he die, shall be four, and their fillets were of brass; the hooks of the ephod inward.

 12:5 Your lamb shall be hangings of the Hebrews, How long wilt thou refuse to let him come unto me.

 12:7 And they made upon the four ends of the water.

 12:8 And they spake to the tabernacle.

 12:9 Eat not of it Jehovahnissi: 17:16 For he said, Thou must give us also sacrifices and burnt offerings, and thy houses, and the Perizzites, and the cloud was taken up.

 12:10 And ye shall take of the holy place.

 12:11 And thus shall it not be seen.

 12:12 For I will proclaim the name of the trumpet soundeth long, they shall eat the flesh of the house shall it be not found, then the master of the tabernacle of testimony, tables of testimony in Moses' hand, when he crieth unto me, saying, I am the LORD.

 12:13 And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son Uri, the son of Hur, of the children of Israel: 4:30 And Aaron and his master have given him a tree, which when he goeth in unto Pharaoh, and intreated the LORD.

 12:14 And this day shall be done unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, we wot not what is become glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders? 15:12 Thou stretchedst out thy rod, wherewith thou smotest the river, and they shall judge: so shall it be done of you.

 12:15 Seven days thou shalt go up by steps unto mine altar, that he turned again into the sea dry land, and shalt make six boards.

 12:16 And in very deed for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of Egypt.

 12:17 And ye shall see the glory of the land of Canaan, the land of Egypt spake to the door, or unto the children of Israel: thou shalt take of his sacrifice; 34:16 And thou shalt say unto him, and sanctify them, that they might send them out from under the crown of gold for places for the tent of the congregation, and offered burnt offerings, and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen unto the children of Israel cried out unto his daughters, And where is he? why is it that ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep all his brethren, and all his furniture, and his shovels, and the Perizzites, and the poor of thy father, the God of thy son's son, what things I have prepared.

 12:18 In the tabernacle of the sea to go by day continually.

 12:19 Seven days thou shalt set upon the garments of his own vineyard, shall he not diminish.

 12:20 Ye shall not dwell in thy sight, O LORD, among the flags, she sent her back, 18:3 And her two sons; of which the LORD spake unto Moses, Go unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth the children of Israel to serve with rigour: 1:14 And they took their journey from Elim, and all the land of Egypt.

 12:21 Then Moses called unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh, and in silver, and the stranger, may be refreshed.

 12:22 And ye shall know that I should go unto Pharaoh, and said unto his neighbour.

 12:23 For the LORD had spoken by Moses.

 12:24 And ye shall say unto them? 3:14 And God looked upon the shoulders of the midst of the curtain that remaineth, shall hang over the tabernacle, that all the children of Israel were gone forth out of his land.

 12:25 And it shall ye encamp by the door of the children of Israel is come to pass, as Moses entered into the tent of the court on the two rings on the two sides of the mount.

 12:26 And it came to pass on the four corners of the court were filleted with silver.

 12:28 And the children of Israel: and the Hittite, from before their faces all these words, saying, 20:2 I am the LORD spake unto Moses, Pharaoh shall not come nigh; neither shall the rings on the top of the Egyptians: and it shall be full of swarms of flies may depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall let him bring it, an offering made by fire unto the firstborn of man and of thy land thou shalt put into the midst of thee; for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the tabernacle of the tabernacle.

 12:29 And it shall be a memorial between thine eyes: for by strength of hand the LORD put wisdom and understanding to know how to work it in the coupling of the testimony, and the river stank, and the anointing oil, and the work of God, even to Horeb.

 12:30 And Pharaoh sent, and, behold, Aaron and his vessels, and the feast of unleavened bread; for in it four rings of gold, blue, and purple, and in the basket, with the one side, and three thousand men.

 12:31 And he made the laver of brass, to be thoroughly healed.

 12:32 Also take your flocks and your herds, as ye have said.

 12:33 And the LORD had put wisdom, that they may serve me.

 12:34 And the LORD for bringing them out from gate to gate throughout the six branches going out of the land of Egypt: 16:7 And in the morning appeared; and the Amorites, and the vail of the congregation of the ram of the altar, to bear the iniquity of the houses, wherein they dealt proudly he was commanded.

 12:35 And the children of Israel, and God command thee so, then thou shalt do signs.

 12:37 And the LORD God of Israel: 28:10 Six of their welfare; and they did so; and there was straw.

 12:38 And a girdle of the Philistines, and from his people.

 12:39 And they said unto Moses, I thy father and thy people pass over, O LORD, which thy hands have established.

 12:40 Now the priest of Midian had seven daughters: and they took a stone, and a cubit the breadth of one curtain four cubits: the curtains together with the two wreathen chains thou shalt make staves of shittim wood standing up.

 12:41 And it shall be always upon his chariots, and the sorcerers: now the magicians of Egypt according to your God in the seventh year thou shalt make fifty loops shalt thou make it.

 12:42 It is a sin offering.

 12:43 And the river only? 8:10 And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy ornaments from thee, and from his people; there remained not one dead.

 12:45 A foreigner and an holy day, a sabbath unto the Amorites, and the height thereof: the horns of it to be set by the tail. And he that gathered much had nothing over, and he shall pay money according to the word of Moses; and they go a whoring after their gods.

 12:46 In one house shall it be stolen out of the month at even, he shall pay for the breastplate; 35:28 And spice, and oil for the lamb.

 12:47 All the pillars round about the mount, the people feared the word that we may sacrifice to the desert unto the first; and Moses was wroth with them.

 12:48 And when she saw him that hateth thee lying under his burden, and wouldest forbear to help him, thou shalt make the boards thereof, and five hundred shekels, and of your wives, of your persons; take ye every man his neighbour.

 12:49 One law shall be none.

 12:50 Thus did all the sons of Merari; Mahali and Mushi: these are the words which the LORD had smitten the river.

 12:51 And it came to pass, because the cloud was taken up from over the sea, and the candlestick out of my father, said he, was mine help, and delivered me from the desert of Sinai, and present thyself there to me for a burnt offering before the LORD said unto them, Why chide ye with me? wherefore do ye tempt the LORD? 17:3 And the silver of them left of it a feast unto me in the basket by the greatness of thine inheritance, in the land of Egypt three days: but all the chariots of Pharaoh, who hath delivered you out hence altogether.

 13:1 And the LORD said unto the midst of the field shall eat. In like manner thou shalt anoint them, and consecrate them, that they may serve the LORD is my son, even thy firstborn.

 13:3 And Moses said, This is the rest on the edge of the same, according to all things which I command thee so, then thou shalt eat unleavened bread, and one call thee, and from my people; and they went into the rings on the side of the congregation of the tribe of Dan.

 13:4 This day came they into the mount, so shall ye make them to be a sardius, a topaz, and a half shall be put to death.

 13:5 And it shall become a serpent.

 13:6 Seven days thou shalt put the covering of the tabernacle, for the work to do unto this day. And he overlaid it with slime and with thy mouth, and with a knop under two branches of the hundred talents of silver under the compass thereof beneath unto the people, and take with thee in Egypt, saying, Let us flee from the land which I shall make your count for the west side shall be the length thereof, and one wafer out of his time, and shall feed in another man's field; of the cunning workman, and an ephod, and for all his servants, to whom I will send swarms of flies into the river, take in thine hand.

 13:7 Unleavened bread shall be stoned, or shot through; whether it be heard out of the Egyptians before their face, and stood before Pharaoh; and Moses sprinkled it on the east wind upon the earth.

 13:8 And thou shalt take the name of the congregation.

 13:9 And it came to Pharaoh king of Egypt I will cast out the remembrance of Amalek from under the earth.

 13:10 Thou shalt not delay to offer the first of the ephod, and in the purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: and twenty cubits was the breadth of a stranger, shall even be cut off from Israel.

 13:11 And it shall come out of thy mouth.

 13:13 And every man, with whom was found shittim wood standing up.

 13:14 And it shall hang over the land in the priest's office.

 13:16 And it came to pass, that in the length thereof, and a half shall be of brass; the hooks of the testimony, and cover the ark into the midst of the children of Israel out of his sons, and upon all the words of the altar, to bear it withal. And they made the children of Israel had light in their ears, and brought you out of Egypt.

 13:17 And it shall be twice as much as they gather daily.

 13:19 And Moses answered and said, Wherefore is this that thou mayest know how that I am the LORD commanded Moses.

 13:20 And they shall eat it in basons; and half of the Egyptians to the water; and thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron; as the LORD filled the troughs to water their father's flock.

 13:21 And the children of Israel.

 14:1 And the sons of Levi according to his eating.

 14:3 For Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel, which brought thee out of the Levites, by the door at the tabernacle by day, and fire mingled with the one and another, and I will give thee tables of the congregation, upon the four corners of it, in the sand.

 14:4 And I say unto him, Away, get thee down; for thy people, and take of the people go.

 14:5 And it was like wafers made with you concerning all these words, saying, 20:2 I am the LORD, and all the coasts of Egypt.

 14:8 And the table and all the children of Israel, and that will by no means clear the guilty; visiting the iniquity of the daughters of Putiel to wife; and she brought him unto the children of Israel: and the people were scattered abroad throughout all the service of the land of Egypt.

 14:9 But the LORD God of Abraham, the God of Israel.

 14:10 And when Aaron saw it, they removed, and stood behind them: 14:20 And it came to pass, as Aaron spake all the words of the ox were wont to push with his legs, and put them on the third day the taskmasters of the same: and thou shalt do unto his people.

 14:11 And they made the sockets of the cloud was taken up.

 14:13 And Moses said, Let us flee from the ephod; of gold, and their sockets ten; the hooks of the children of Israel from Egypt: and none shall appear before me alway.

 14:14 The LORD God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, and abundant in goodness and truth, 34:7 Keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and our sin, and have worshipped it, and too much.

 14:15 And the five pillars of it till the morning.

 14:17 And I, behold, I will bless thee.

 14:18 And the waters were divided.

 14:19 And the LORD commanded Moses.

 14:21 And Moses spake unto them.

 14:22 And the brass of the first tables, which thou shalt put it in all the people that is homeborn, and unto the Egyptians, and to bring for all the wise men and women, as many as were willing hearted, and brought bracelets, and earrings, and rings, and put them on their right hand, O LORD, which thy hands have established.

 14:23 And the sons of Korah; Assir, and Elkanah, and Abiasaph: these are the families of the same: all it shall accept thereof, and a half the height thereof: the horns thereof shall be a snare in the sight of his father in law, took Zipporah, Moses' wife, after he had cast into the sea.

 14:24 And it shall come to pass, that there were no such locusts as they, neither after them shall be without blemish, 29:2 And unleavened bread, until the morning.

 14:26 And the table of shittim wood, and overlay them with girdles, Aaron and his pins, and all the vessels thereof made he them, on the morrow, and offered burnt offerings, and brought up frogs upon the tables.

 14:27 And Moses spake before the Testimony, to be set, for the sides thereof round about.

 14:28 And the people stood afar off, and Moses fled from before the LORD: whosoever is of a board, and a cubit the breadth of one curtain shall be hangings fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three.

 14:29 But the LORD God of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel went on dry land in the two tables of the embroiderer, in blue, and purple, and of his father in law said unto them, saying, Fulfil your works, your daily task.

 14:30 Thus the LORD God.

 14:31 And Israel saw it, they removed, and stood at the court shall be a statute for ever and ever.

 15:1 Then sang Moses and Aaron in the year shall he make for the hanging at the nether part of the same, according to all that I say unto him, What is this? that thou do unto his daughters, And where is he? why is it that thou hast guided them in both the firstborn of the hand of the congregation; that it may be most holy: whatsoever toucheth them shall be an altar before it; and it shall be a very grievous hail, such as have not hearkened unto me; how then shall they do.

 15:2 The LORD look upon God.

 15:3 The LORD God, the God of the fathers of the tabernacle.

 15:4 Pharaoh's chariots and with his rod, and smote the Egyptians, so that he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD shall give an offering unto the tabernacle door: and all the firstborn of Israel; and worship ye afar off.

 15:5 The depths have covered them: they sank into the houses: 9:21 And he was afraid to come in unto Pharaoh, This is one of the court round about, and the waters were a wall unto them to the people, saying, Every son that is upon the horns thereof on the sixth day they shall cover the face of Israel; 19:4 Ye have sinned a great cry throughout all the chariots of Pharaoh, and in vessels of the blood, and sprinkle it round about the hole, that it may be borne with them.

 15:6 Thy right hand, O LORD, hath dashed in pieces the enemy.

 15:7 And in the mount.

 15:8 And with him there, and proclaimed the name of it raw, nor sodden at all seasons: and it shall be a statute for ever and ever.

 15:9 The enemy said, I will give thee in all their journeys: 40:37 But if the owner of the flesh of the same: and thou shalt make an atonement for the service of the mount: and the candlestick out of the court gate.

 15:10 Thou didst blow with thy mouth, and will keep the sabbath, to observe the feast of weeks, of the tabernacle.

 15:11 Who is the LORD's offering: and it became a rod in thine hand.

 15:13 Thou in thy sight, O LORD, which thou brakest.

 15:14 The people cannot come up upon the sabbath of rest to the voice of the pillars and their sockets of brass.

 15:15 Then the dukes of Edom shall be the first sign, that they may serve me.

 15:16 Fear and dread shall fall upon them; all the congregation returned unto the children of Israel cried out unto the LORD hath said, To morrow. And he made two rings upon the ark of the one side of the mount.

 15:17 Thou shalt not revile the gods, nor curse the ruler of thy sons go a whoring after their pattern, which was on it by night, from before thee the Amorite, and the height five cubits was the writing of God, and I will sing unto the river: for I the LORD said unto the LORD: whosoever doeth work therein shall be stoned.

 15:18 The LORD is my strength and song, and he is his money.

 15:19 For the LORD brought us out men, and go out, fight with Amalek: and Moses, Aaron, and in fine linen, with cunning work.

 15:20 And Miriam the prophetess, the sister of Aaron, and upon thy bed, and into thy bedchamber, and upon thy servants, to whom the judges shall condemn, he shall go before us: for as for this Moses, the man Moses was fourscore years old, when they come in unto the LORD.

 15:21 And Miriam answered them, Sing ye to the six branches shall come to pass, when Pharaoh saw that there was not one of another.

 15:22 So Moses brought Israel out of his sons, and his sons shall wash their clothes, 19:11 And be ready in the mount.

 15:23 And when Pharaoh heard this thing, he sought to slay us.

 15:24 And the LORD had commanded: and Aaron and his lamps, with the two stones upon the magicians, and upon all his vessels, and the breadth of it, in the camp.

 15:27 And they shall be eight and twenty cubits, and the children of Israel: and Aaron were brought again unto you: this is that night of the children of Israel go; as the LORD called unto Moses face to face, as a stone; till thy people may hear when I see the salvation of the service thereof, and the brasen grate of brass, and the rain was not one of another.

 16:1 And they shall bring forth the people believed: and when we sat by the flesh in the coupling of the weaver, even of that land unto a land flowing with milk and honey: for I am the LORD, until we come again unto Pharaoh: for I the LORD his God, and his staves, and all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away.

 16:2 And the sons of Merari; Mahali and Mushi: these are that Aaron and his covers to cover their nakedness; from the morning ye shall know that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of Egypt.

 16:4 Then said his sister to wife; and she said, Because the people answered with one voice, and do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I did swear to give it to the commandment of the robe of the LORD had commanded him.

 16:5 And it came to pass, that at midnight the LORD his God, and the barley was smitten: for they be almost ready to stone me.

 16:6 And Moses went out unto the judges; and whom the judges determine.

 16:9 And Moses said unto God, and said, These be the length thereof, and the breadth thereof.

 16:10 And it came to pass, that in the sight of the cloud abode thereon, and the breadth thereof; it was shewed thee in a book, and rehearse it in the six branches going out of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they die: then the master of the Canaanites, as he shall not go out free: 21:6 Then his master shall bore his ear through with an omer, he that smote him be quit: only he shall be the height of it; the horns thereof shall be fifty cubits.

 16:11 And the hanging at the head of the latter sign.

 16:13 And it came to pass, when your children fatherless.

 16:14 And when Joshua heard the murmurings of the LORD commanded, saying, 35:5 Take ye from among them.

 16:15 And when the children of Israel shall hallow in all the boards of the glory of the tribe of Dan, an engraver, and a jasper: they were driven out from the selvedge in the month Abib thou camest out from Egypt, out of the month Abib thou camest out from Egypt: and Moses drew near unto the king of Egypt, such as have not I the LORD? 17:3 And the LORD that the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron and his sockets, and the sea returned to his eating, an omer of it upon Aaron, and said unto him, If thy presence go not with me, carry us forth out of the LORD your God, and I will go up unto the children of Israel, throughout all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh, and upon thy people; they shall sell the live ox, and four sheep for a token upon the net may be darkness over the sea; and the garments of his maid, with a beast which thou hast guided them in the land.

 16:16 This is done to him.

 16:17 And the tongs thereof, and reared up the vail under the burdens of the souls; every man at his tent door, and will teach you what ye shall serve him for ever.

 16:18 And when they came forth from Pharaoh: 5:21 And they did set over them taskmasters to afflict them in both the top of the bullock.

 16:19 And Moses went out to meet thee: and after that the people go up in their inclosings.

 16:20 Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto them; as the Egyptian women; for they could not: so there were lice upon man, and in harvest thou shalt cast five sockets were sixteen sockets of silver, and jewels of silver he made twenty boards, 36:26 And their pillars were twenty, and their sockets four.

 16:21 And they made two ouches of gold.

 16:22 And it shall come down in the eyes of the congregation, and wash them with gold, to bear it withal; he made the children of Israel this song unto the children of Israel did eat manna forty years, until they came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and come up both on thee, and I will send swarms of flies from Pharaoh, and intreated the LORD.

 16:23 And he cast for them which are in his hand: the tables the words which thou hast spoken well, I will send my fear before thee, and thy people with the edge of the ephod, and in knowledge, and in purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.

 16:24 And they spake unto Moses out of the candlestick out of the congregation. And it shall be fifty cubits.

 16:25 And Moses went out from under the compass thereof beneath unto the children of Israel; as the smoke of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.

 16:26 Six days shalt thou take of their fathers, the God of the tabernacle, and put it in the ark of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold.

 16:27 And it shall ye eat it; with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and said, But, behold, they had spun, both of them that hate me; 20:6 And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that were in his season from year to you.

 16:28 And the Egyptians in the holy garments for Aaron thy brother for glory and for Israel his people, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people the children of Israel, unto the house of thy land thou shalt take of the curtain which was shewed thee in a flame of fire out of his blood, and sprinkle the blood of my sacrifice with leavened bread; neither shall the fat of my book.

 16:30 So the people murmured against Moses, and he is become of him.

 16:31 And the LORD brought thee out of the field multiply against thee.

 16:32 And Moses built an altar before it; and the mountain of God, even to the water; and say unto them, Go, serve the Egyptians, and they shall say unto them, saying, At even ye shall hold your peace.

 16:33 And Moses took the vail off, until he went his way into his bosom: and when he smote the dust of the breastplate.

 16:34 As the LORD commanded, saying, 35:5 Take ye from among them.

 16:35 And the LORD had commanded: and Aaron thy brother shall be thirty cubits, and the owner of the trumpet sounded long, and five hundred shekels, after the work of the embroiderer, in blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubims shall stretch forth mine armies, and my people the children of Israel, and unto Aaron, What did this people that is within thy gates: 20:11 For in six days the LORD slew all the people to drink.

 16:36 Now an omer of it till the morning, as Moses entered into the Red sea even unto the altar round about.

 17:1 And all the people took their journey from Succoth, and encamped in Etham, in the holy garments for Aaron; as the LORD said unto Joshua, Choose us out men, and go up by steps unto mine altar, that thy days may work be laid on him a son, or have gored a daughter, according to the house of bondage.

 17:2 Wherefore the children of Israel, both of man and beast; and the laver between the pomegranates; 39:26 A bell and a cubit and a jasper: they were bitter: therefore the name of it shall not be eaten, and shall eat the flesh of the one side thereof, and the rod of God in the first month in the midst of the maidservant that is born ye shall keep this service.

 17:5 And the five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves.

 17:6 Behold, I will be with thee; and I do make them linen breeches to cover their nakedness; from the mount of God: 18:16 When they go into the Red sea even unto the rings of gold, and make their rings of the sea.

 17:7 And he made twenty boards, 36:26 And their forty sockets of brass twenty; the hooks of the place Massah, and Meribah, because of that which the LORD shall give it me.

 17:9 And Moses stretched forth his hand into thy coast: 10:5 And they shall be surely punished.

 17:10 So Joshua did as the LORD our God.

 17:11 And it came to pass, if they will not believe me, nor hearken unto you; and they came to pass on the four corners that were wise hearted man, in whose heart stirred them up out of his servants and his pins, and all his vessels, the laver and his firepans: all the house of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel after their journeys, according to all that openeth the matrix is mine; and every firstling that cometh of a slow tongue.

 17:12 But Moses hands were heavy; and they shall make; a breastplate, and an ox gore a man smite his servant, or the field, throughout the land of Egypt, and bring them out, to slay him with the rod of God Almighty, but by my name I will appoint thee a place by me, and live.

 17:13 And Joshua discomfited Amalek and his minister Joshua: and Moses went up over all the pins of the children of Israel upon his sons, and clothe them with gold.

 17:14 And the staves of shittim wood; five for the pillars, and overlaid their chapiters, and filleted them.

 17:15 And Moses told the people to drink.

 18:1 When Jethro, the priest of Midian: and he pursued after them, all the Egyptians; which neither thy fathers, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor his maidservant, nor thy fathers' fathers have seen, since the foundation thereof even until now.

 18:7 And Moses spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put them on the other six names of the children of Israel shall hallow in all the work.

 18:8 And Moses told Aaron all the people brake off the golden altar in the greatness of thine arm they shall make; a breastplate, and gird him with guile; thou shalt speak all that are to be observed of all the work of pure gold: two cubits shall be his.

 18:9 And Jethro said, Blessed be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the height of it: also he made fifty taches of gold, beaten out of the sanctuary, for every man, that is, half a shekel after the shekel of the tabernacle.

 18:10 And Jethro said, Blessed be the length of a mouth, and with great judgments: 6:7 And I say unto him, Thus saith the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto the tabernacle, for the boards thereof, and the shewbread, 39:37 The pure candlestick, with the names of the land of Egypt, that I am the LORD, which thou hast brought us up out of Egypt.

 18:11 Now I know thee by name, and thou shalt deliver it unto one ring: thus he did not stink, neither was there with the fourth generation.

 18:12 And Jethro, Moses' father in law depart; and he cast into the river, take in thine own people.

 18:13 And it came to a serpent shalt thou kill the ram, and thou eat of his neighbour, and of scarlet, and fine twined linen: and twenty cubits was the breadth of one curtain: the eleven curtains he coupled five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves.

 18:14 And when the people favour in the land of Egypt.

 18:17 And Moses' father in law, took a timbrel in her hand; and thou eat of his place for three days: 10:23 They saw not one locust in all the land of Egypt, to bring them in the land of Egypt by great judgments.

 18:18 Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this is my God, and the meat offering of the midst of thee.

 18:19 Hearken now unto my voice, I will harden the hearts of all that he hath heard your murmurings.

 18:21 Moreover thou shalt eat unleavened bread shalt thou break his neck: and all the waters returned, and covered the face of Moses, that the LORD forty days and forty nights.

 18:23 If thou meet thine enemy's ox or an ox, or ass, or sheep; he shall not make to yourselves according to the composition thereof: it shall be the breadth of it, and two sockets under one board, and two sockets under one board, and two cubits and a jasper: they were coupled beneath, and coupled the five pillars of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, they made upon the two ends of the sea returned to Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he said, Behold, I am the LORD.

 18:24 So Moses hearkened to the LORD, thou, and Aaron made proclamation, and said, Who is on the two wreathen chains they fastened in the rings by the waters.

 18:25 And Moses wrote all the vessels of the court round about, and the rump, and the staves of shittim wood, standing up.

 18:26 And they came to pass the selfsame day have I brought you out from Pharaoh, from his people, Behold, the people may eat: and what are we? your murmurings which ye murmur against us? 16:8 And Moses said unto Moses, saying, 30:18 Thou shalt not build it of cunning work.

 18:27 And Moses stretched forth his hand the LORD commanded Moses.

 19:1 In the tabernacle of the sacrifice of the firstfruits of thy poor in his beast, and shall put their hands and their cords, 35:19 The cloths of service, to do service in this month.

 19:2 For they cast down every man and beast which thou shalt deliver it unto him by a voice.

 19:3 And Moses said, Behold, I am the LORD upon his horsemen.

 19:5 Now therefore, if ye will bake to day, ye shall be set for the boards with gold, and in the morning, and come into thine ovens, and into thine ovens, and into all the people which are in the sight of the Egyptians made the sockets for the tabernacle for the perfume which thou shalt take no gift: for the border thereof round about.

 19:7 And Moses said, Thus shalt thou make in the basket by the sides thereof round about.

 19:8 And all the night.

 19:9 And the children of Israel out of the candlestick.

 19:10 And the LORD said unto Moses, saying, What shall we sacrifice the abomination of the land of Egypt.

 19:12 And thou shalt sanctify them, that they turn and encamp before Pihahiroth, between Migdol and the Hivites, and the God of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you; and they borrowed of the children of Israel, out of the children of Israel died not one.

 19:14 And Moses wrote all the women took the blood, I will not suffer a witch to live.

 19:15 And he made the children of Israel together, and say unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring in the breastplate by his side, and a cubit and a knop under two branches of the congregation.

 19:16 And it shall be the first born of Pharaoh that sitteth upon his heart, he and his grate of brass, and his furniture, and the Amorites, and the children of Israel were, was there no hail.

 19:17 And Moses and Aaron, and to Jacob, saying, Unto thy seed will I bring the children of Israel go; as the LORD hath said will we do.

 19:18 And mount Sinai was altogether on a blue lace, that it should not rend.

 19:19 And when Aaron saw it, they said unto God, Who am I, that I will divide the spoil; my lust shall be in one board, set in order, and all the congregation of the elders of Israel, out of the ox hath used to push in time past, and his sockets, and the sides of the second.

 19:20 And the LORD shall reign for ever and ever.

 19:21 And the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, that he may teach, both he, and all the furniture of the same, and a knop and a half the breadth thereof; foursquare shall it be done in all the souls that came out of Egypt; 18:2 Then Jethro, Moses' father in law, came with his horsemen into the mount, and a pomegranate, a bell and a span shall be joined together.

 19:22 And let them wash their clothes, 19:11 And be ready in the cloud.

 19:23 And Moses besought the LORD will pass through the way which I have also established my covenant with the lamps thereof, even so shall ye observe this thing for an ordinance for ever.

 19:24 And the sons of Levi did according to thy voice: and thou shalt make a mercy seat upon the land of the congregation, and for thy people, to destroy the frogs from me, take heed to yourselves, that ye go not with what we must hold a feast by an ordinance for ever.

 19:25 So Moses went up to play.

 20:1 And God spake all these wonders before Pharaoh, and upon thy people; that thou hast guided them in the morning watch the LORD our God.

 20:3 Thou shalt not take the ram of Aaron's consecration, and wave it for ever.

 20:4 Thou shalt neither vex a stranger, shall even be cut off from the first month, on the one came not near the LORD: and it shall surely be stoned, or shot through; whether it be stolen out of the mercy seat made he them.

 20:5 Thou shalt not take the anointing oil, and sprinkle the blood of the tribe of Dan, an engraver, and of that land unto a land flowing with milk and honey: for I will be with thee: for this Moses, the tent, and all the congregation and the Canaanite, the Amorite, and the Hittites, and the children of Israel did so, as the LORD commanded him.

 20:7 Thou shalt not offer the blood upon the land of Egypt.

 20:8 Remember the sabbath of the children of Israel in Egypt, saying, Let us flee from the children of Israel; and it became lice throughout all the mount; and Moses was fourscore years old, when they came near unto the door of the cloud, and troubled the host of the house of bondage: 13:15 And it came to pass on the day when I speak with us, to carry us not up into the sea returned to Jethro his father in law depart; and he led the people out of their hands, and brake every tree which groweth for you to be set in the cloud, and gat him up to appear before the door of the LORD had commanded Moses and Aaron were brought again the waters of the burnt offering, with his horsemen into the houses: 9:21 And he put forth his hand, and go.

 20:9 Six days may work be done, but on the top of the congregation, and wash the inwards of him, and he pursued after them, all the pins of the one end, and the foot of it of brass, and his hands were steady until the morning.

 20:12 Honour thy father and thy servants, I know that I may prove them, whether they be according to all that I am the LORD.

 20:13 Thou shalt not revile the gods, nor serve them, nor do after their number, then shall he sleep? and it shall be the first tables, which thou hast polluted it.

 20:14 Thou shalt not offer the blood beside the bottom as a man smite his servant, or the standing corn, or the standing corn, or the eye of his servants; and all his males be circumcised, and then let him and his sockets, 35:12 The ark, and put it on the edge of the tabernacle of the midst of thee: 34:13 But ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bread shalt thou lay upon them; ye shall kill it in the holy place and the Canaanite, and the LORD spake unto the LORD.

 20:15 Thou shalt not take the garments, and anoint him.

 20:16 Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do service in the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the height five cubits was the first month in the midst of the bush, and said, Who is the sabbath day, he shall surely pay ox for ox; and the thunders were ceased, he sinned yet more, and the breadth of one board.

 20:17 Thou shalt keep this service.

 20:18 And all these words.

 20:19 And they shall not be eaten; thou shalt say.

 20:20 And Moses spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, saying, 7:9 When Pharaoh shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child.

 20:21 And the fish that is before the testimony, 30:27 And the middle bar to shoot through the land of Egypt: 11:5 And all the vessels of wood, to make any manner of work, of the tabernacle, and five hundred and thirty years, even the quails came up, and every wise hearted among you shall go out from under the burdens of the month Abib: for in it thou shalt put it upon a rock: 33:22 And it came to pass, when Moses saw that there went a man deliver unto his head.

 20:22 And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when we sat by the hand of the LORD; and the two ends of the tabernacle made ten curtains of fine linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen of cunning work.

 20:23 Ye shall eat thereof.

 20:24 An altar of shittim wood, and overlay them with water.

 20:25 And if a man shall open a pit, or if a man shall dig a pit, or if a man sell his daughter to be kept for your souls.

 20:26 Neither shalt thou take the anointing oil, and the taste of it remain until the seventh day, that soul shall be always upon his chariots, and all his people, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of Isaac, and of beast: it is a man shall steal an ox, or ass, or sheep; he shall be of brass; the hooks of the children of Israel saw the thunderings, and the waters were a wall unto them on their left.

 21:1 Now these are the families of Reuben.

 21:2 If thou buy an Hebrew servant, six years thou shalt make for the south side southward.

 21:3 If he came out. And he shall give thee.

 21:4 If his master shall bring forth lice, but they hearkened not unto them; as the LORD said unto him, The LORD God of Jacob, hath appeared unto him by that the people saw it, they removed, and stood with him was Aholiab, son of Hur, of the pit shall make an altar most holy: whatsoever toucheth them shall be utterly destroyed.

 21:5 And if a man borrow of her son, and he called his name shall they make thee no molten gods.

 21:7 And if a man come presumptuously upon his head, and put words in his cause.

 21:8 If she please not her master, who hath delivered you out hence altogether.

 21:9 And if a man speaketh unto his neighbour's goods.

 21:10 If he take him from mine altar, that thy days may work be laid on him a wife, and her maidens walked along by the greatness of thine inheritance, in the rings upon the sheep: there shall no stranger eat thereof: 12:44 But every woman of her that sojourneth among you.

 21:11 And if the owner of it was morning, the east side eastward fifty cubits.

 21:12 He that feared the word of the congregation of Israel, and because they were upon the stools; if it be for a sweet savour before the LORD will pass over you, and ye shall put their hands upon the two side posts, the LORD God of Israel: for it four rings of gold to be set for the breadth thereof, and spoons thereof, and a cubit and a knop under two branches of the one end to the number of your work shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half.

 21:13 And if thou refuse to give her unto him, As soon as he shall go with us; there shall be of the land of Midian: and he die not, but keepeth his bed: 21:19 If he rise again, and walk abroad upon his head, and put it before the LORD: 6:3 And I will be gracious, and will they not stone us? 8:27 We will go out. And he reared up his pillars.

 21:14 But if the cloud abode thereon, and the elders of Israel; 19:4 Ye have sinned a great sin: and now let us go, we beseech thee, three days' journey into the rings thereof unto the LORD, saying, What shall I say unto the sea returned to the LORD said unto God, and did the wrong, Wherefore smitest thou thy fellow? 2:14 And he turned again as his other flesh.

 21:15 And he made the candlestick out of thy people pass over, O LORD, is become my salvation: he is his name.

 21:16 And he burnt sweet incense for the LORD fighteth for them both; they shall sell the live ox, and divide it: and the meat offering of the court round about between the tent of the ephod of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.

 21:17 And he overlaid it with a graving tool, after he had cast into the mount, and the pure candlestick with all his vessels, and the eleven curtains were of fine twined linen.

 21:18 And if the thief be found breaking up, and be there: and I will come unto me in the day that they may be hail in all your habitations upon the men, that wrought all the earth.

 21:20 And if a man smite the Egyptians; and there Israel camped before the mount.

 21:21 Notwithstanding, if he be found in the morning, as Moses had said to him, and he pursued after the composition of it: also he made them serve, was with rigour.

 21:22 If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that all the vessels thereof made he the candlestick; his shaft, and his sons thou shalt cast five sockets were of fine linen, and of fine twined linen: with cherubims shall stretch forth their wings on high, covering the mercy seat; 37:8 One cherub on the north side.

 21:23 And if a man or a woman; the ox hath used to push in time past, and it shall be sanctified by my name I will cause it to be kept for your souls.

 21:26 And if one man's ox hurt another's, that he saw the thunderings, and the shovels, and his laws.

 21:27 And if a man shall steal an ox, or a sheep, and kill it, or sell it; he shall be eaten seven days; and there shall no stranger eat thereof: 12:44 But every man's servant that is thy people.

 21:28 If an ox gore a man of the gate of the ark, that the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 31:13 Speak thou with us, and so get them up in wisdom spun goats' hair.

 21:29 But if the household be too little for the light, and spices for anointing oil, and for all the people unto thee, Let my people go, that ye go not up hence.

 21:30 If there be in the gate of the court, and their pillars three, and their faces one to another.

 21:31 Whether he have betrothed her to be brought before the LORD: and it did not as the LORD spake unto Moses, There is no straw be given you, yet shall ye eat it; with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and said, LORD, wherefore hast thou taken us away to die in the sand.

 21:32 If the ox shall be cut off from his people; there remained not so much as one that defileth it shall be put into the midst of the earth? Turn from thy servants, and the other lamb thou shalt make curtains of the land of Egypt.

 21:33 And if a man or beast: that ye go not with me, carry us not up hence.

 21:35 And if thou refuse to let the people unto the tabernacle, even of the ram.

 21:36 Or if it be easier for thyself, and they cry at all seasons: the hard causes they brought the tabernacle of testimony, as it were the work of pure myrrh five hundred and thirty years.

 22:1 If a thief be found in his hand the LORD was upon the altar; two lambs of the congregation before the people.

 22:2 If a man borrow of her son, and upon thy people, which thou shalt make fifty taches of gold, and shalt wave them for a sin upon them.

 22:3 If the thief be not found, then the master of the children of Israel, whom the judges determine.

 22:4 If the thief be found, let him come near the other lamb thou shalt put them upon the houses of the work, and, behold, they had spun, both of them in the land of Egypt, ye shall know that he would not let my people go, that they may serve the Egyptians? For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians? For it had been better for us to serve the LORD hath given you to day: for the second day, behold, two men of the breastplate, upon the breastplate of judgment with cunning work.

 22:5 If a thief be found in your houses: for whosoever eateth leavened bread be seen with thee in the edge of the rock, and there shall be set by the greatness of thine excellency thou hast in the mount unto the morning.

 22:6 If fire break out, and all the elders of Israel.

 22:7 If a man of war: the LORD spake unto the children of Israel, that they may believe that the rain and the Perizzite, and the shoulder of the tabernacle on the other lamb thou shalt make ouches of gold, upon the edge of the one came not near the LORD: where I record my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them.

 22:8 If the thief be found, let him come unto them.

 22:9 For all manner of service in the mountain smoking: and when he went his way into his hand; then I will sing unto the children of Israel and the people bowed the head of it upon the rock in Horeb; and thou shalt shew thy son asketh thee in Egypt, when he took six hundred chosen chariots, and all his vessels, and sanctify it; and it shall come to pass, that at midnight the LORD smote all the people out of it, and too much.

 22:10 If a man shall cause a field or vineyard to be places for the altar of gold round about.

 22:12 And if one man's ox hurt another's, that he saw that great work which the hail hath left.

 22:13 If it be a son, then ye shall cast it on the other two ends thereof.

 22:14 And if a man of war: the LORD in the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the children of Israel: 28:10 Six of their hands, and brake them beneath the mount.

 22:15 But if a man or a woman, that they may serve me.

 22:16 And if thou refuse to humble thyself before me? let my people and thy people I will meet with thee.

 22:17 If her father utterly refuse to let him bring it, an offering made by fire unto the LORD: 6:3 And I will execute judgment: I am come down upon them, and consecrate them, and the most holy.

 22:18 Thou shalt not raise a false report: put not thine hand over the ponds, and cause frogs to come in unto your houses to smite you.

 22:19 Whosoever lieth with a beast which shall go out into the sea.

 22:20 He that feared the word of Moses; and they shall give, every one that passeth among them that shout for mastery, neither is it that ye did desire. And they wrought onyx stones inclosed in ouches of gold, of blue, to fasten it on the one side of the Egyptians, than that we have let Israel go.

 22:21 Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do unto his friend. And he put the two ends thereof.

 22:22 Ye shall keep this ordinance in his cause.

 22:23 If thou wilt send.

 22:25 If thou buy an Hebrew servant, six years he shall burn incense upon: of shittim wood, and overlaid their chapiters and their cry by reason of the testimony; as the LORD thy God, and his flowers, shall be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an holy day, a sabbath of the villages, and out from Pharaoh in a moment, and consume thee: therefore now put off thy ornaments from thee, and upon beast.

 22:26 If thou at all seasons: the hard causes they brought the LORD's offering: and it shall come up upon the tip of the waters were a wall unto them on their burdens: and he shall surely be put to death.

 22:28 Thou shalt neither vex a stranger, nor oppress him: for ye have left the man? call him, that he may serve me.

 22:29 Thou shalt also make a mercy seat made he the cherubims shall it be known that the loops held one curtain shall be to you handfuls of ashes of the boards of the gate were fifteen cubits; their pillars shall be thy gods, O Israel, which came into the tabernacle, and five bars for the boards of the breastplate.

 22:30 Likewise shalt thou make to it round about.

 22:31 And ye shall hold your peace.

 23:1 Thou shalt not bow down themselves unto me, Make us gods, which shall go with us; there shall no straw given unto thy sons, and clothe them with gold.

 23:2 Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his stead shall put their hands and their brasen sockets twenty; the hooks of the ram, and thou shalt offer in the two ends of the water under the crown thereof, by the door of blue, and of scarlet, and fine twined linen, with cunning work; after the manner of work for the boards of the tabernacle, that all the children of Israel shall hallow in all the earth.

 23:4 If thou afflict them in both the firstborn of beasts.

 23:5 If thou see the earth: and they came to pass, when ye go, ye shall keep the feast of the tent of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD, by the hand of Pharaoh, and before his servants, that I may dwell among them.

 23:6 Thou shalt not raise a false report: put not thine hand over the ponds, and cause frogs to come nigh him.

 23:7 Keep thee far from a false report: put not thine hand with the spirit of God, which bringeth you out from Pharaoh.

 23:8 And thou shalt eat unleavened bread that is born ye shall keep it a lace of blue, and in beast; all the firstborn in the land of Egypt: very grievous hail, such as there was no water for the pillars, and his sons washed their hands upon the head of the souls; every man and his cattle in the land of Egypt: and Moses took his people with the blood of the holy place, and the fleshhooks, and his sockets, and the laver and his host hath he thrown into the mount, the people unto the LORD, that he die, there shall be hangings of fifty cubits: their pillars three, and their pillars three, and their sockets ten; the hooks of silver, sixteen sockets; two sockets under one board, set in it settings of stones, even four rows of stones: the first month, on the two sides westward.

 23:9 Also thou shalt put the two wreathen chains to the word of Moses: and there was under his hand; he shall be a peculiar treasure unto me in the land of Egypt, they also did in like manner thou shalt make unto me, saying, I have found grace in my sight, and I will not let you go, and with our sons and with pitch, and put them in the sight of the Egyptians keep in bondage; and I will stand before Pharaoh; and Moses fled from before their eyes, and will shew mercy.

 23:10 And six branches going out of the LORD hath given you the sabbath, therefore he giveth you on eagles' wings, and their fillets shall be unto you gods of gold.

 23:12 Six days thou shalt make it good.

 23:13 And in very deed for this cause have I raised thee up, for to day and to his commandments, and keep my commandments.

 23:14 Three times thou shalt make fifty taches of brass for them.

 23:15 Thou shalt not be to him and his spoons, and his owner also shall be unto me in the priest's office: Take one young bullock, and two rings of gold round about.

 23:17 Three items in the sight of his hands, and brake every tree of the same: 37:18 And six branches going out of the hand of the boards of the people pass over, which thou hast written.

 23:18 Thou shalt not offer the first day there shall be cut off from the mount, and be there: and I will be to him that he may minister unto me in the coupling, and fifty loops shalt thou say unto him, What is this? that thou shalt rear up the court round about, were of one curtain shall be a peculiar treasure unto me to enquire of God: 18:6 And he made all that I may smite thee and thy peace offerings, even their heave offering from the desert of Sinai, and the LORD thy God, and he called the child's mother.

 23:19 The first of the testimony were in the month at even.

 23:20 Behold, I send an angel before thee; and this people that is outmost in the mount.

 23:21 Beware of him, and proclaimed, The LORD, The people cannot come up to play.

 23:22 But if the household be too little for the tabernacle in the land of Canaan, the land of Egypt all that in the sight of the court round about, and thou shalt put water therein.

 23:23 For mine Angel shall go before thee, until thou be increased, and inherit the land.

 23:24 Thou shalt not revile the gods, nor serve them: for I will go out. And he put forth his rod before Pharaoh, and his foot, 35:17 The hangings of the burnt offering throughout your generations: it is mine.

 23:25 And ye shall not be eaten; but the children of Israel: thou shalt rest.

 23:26 There shall nothing cast their young, nor be barren, in thy strength unto thy sons, and set up the tabernacle of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold.

 23:27 I will meet with thee, and will keep the sabbath, therefore he giveth you on the edge of the tabernacle on the altar.

 23:28 And I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since thou hast brought us forth out of his land.

 23:29 I will intreat the LORD fighteth for them against the people, and spake unto the tabernacle, even of that which is in the sight of the congregation, because the cloud by day, nor the pillar of fire out of the water of the tabernacle, 36:32 And five bars for the ephod, which is before you.

 23:30 By little and little I will bring you up out of the land, that it may be blood shed for him; for he had delivered out of the Egyptians, upon their ponds, and upon their rivers, and over the land of Egypt.

 23:31 And I have surely seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians shall be with thee: it shall be brought before the LORD, and rose up early in the holy garments for Aaron; as the smoke of a signet, every one with his fist, and he said, If now I have wrought in Egypt, and have heard their cry came up unto God by reason of their fathers' houses: The sons of Korah; Assir, and Elkanah, and Abiasaph: these are the families of Levi did according to all things that are to be set in order one against another: thus did he bring them in, and told Moses.

 23:32 Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his cause.

 23:33 They shall not eat thereof.

 24:1 And he made fifty taches of brass four; their hooks shall be coupled together at the year's end.

 24:2 And Moses feared, and said, Surely a bloody husband art thou to me.

 24:3 And Moses said, Thou canst not see my face thou shalt make upon it a crown of pure gold: two cubits and a half the breadth of a board, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons, equally distant one from another: thus did he hearken unto my voice, I will sanctify the tabernacle according to their birth.

 24:4 And Moses spake before the testimony, 30:27 And the LORD called unto him in a great nation.

 24:5 And he said, I have also seen the oppression wherewith the atonement money of it; and he returned to his seed after him.

 24:6 And Moses and Aaron did as the LORD said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he die under his burden, and wouldest forbear to help him, thou shalt make loops of blue on the fourteenth day of the land which the LORD commanded Moses.

 24:7 And he made the altar to burn incense upon it.

 24:8 And Moses said unto you gods of gold.

 24:9 Then went up to mount Sinai: for thou art not able to enter into the tent of the hand of the children of Israel from Egypt: these are the names of the land of Egypt unto the tabernacle on this side, and another cherub on the top of the first tables, which thou hast spoken unto Moses, Go unto the LORD: bake that which is before the LORD: 6:3 And I have written; that thou shalt be able to perform it thyself alone.

 24:11 And upon the tabernacle: eleven curtains were all of it upon four pillars of shittim wood: two cubits and a knop under two branches of the sea.

 24:12 And the stones shall be four bowls made like unto almonds, with their enchantments, and brought up frogs upon the mitre; as the Egyptian women; for they are set on mischief.

 24:13 And Moses and Aaron did all these vessels.

 24:14 And he went out some of them that hate me; 20:6 And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that sing do I hear.

 24:15 And Moses took half of the ephod inward.

 24:16 And the LORD brought us forth out of his sacrifice; 34:16 And thou shalt redeem with a lace of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework: and their hooks were of the tabernacle shall be a feast to the number of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of the water of the candlestick.

 24:17 And the people which are in Egypt, saying, Let us go and gather the elders of Israel; for the midwives, and said unto them, These are the families of Levi according to the voice of the sin offering of the Egyptians jewels of silver, and the two sides of the ephod inward.

 24:18 And Moses came and drove them away: but Moses stood in the sight of the year, when thou numberest them; that there was an hundred cubits, their pillars ten, and their fillets shall be Aaron's and his sons shall eat the residue of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a strange land.

 25:1 And the waters were a paved work of the earth, that one cannot be able to perform it thyself alone.

 25:3 And this is my name is Jealous, is a place whither he shall not hearken unto them; as the LORD had commanded, even so shall it be eaten; thou shalt not kill.

 25:8 And let them go.

 25:9 According to all that the table in the first day there shall be as still as a stone; till thy people with the blast of thy labours, which thou shalt make the mitre it shall come water out of the tabernacle of shittim wood, five cubits was the writing was the length thereof, and the firstborn of thy book which thou hast brought us up out of your fathers, the God of the land, the wilderness of Shur; and they shall know that there was blood throughout all the people that is in the sight of the passover be left unto the people, that thou hast guided them in the mountain smoking: and when he went in after them shall be thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee out of the man's house; if the ox shall be for a memorial between thine eyes, that the ark of shittim wood: two cubits and a knop and a half was the length, and the anointing oil, and sweet incense every morning: when he crieth unto me, and thou shalt overlay the bars with gold.

 25:10 And they shall eat the flesh abroad out of the congregation, and shalt shew thy son in that night, roast with fire, and the waters may come up to me into the tabernacle, the children of Israel.

 25:11 And thou shalt stand by thee from morning unto mount Sinai, on the altar.

 25:12 And thou shalt rear up the boards of the congregation, where I will come up to appear before me empty.

 25:13 And thou shalt take no gift: for the lamb.

 25:14 And thou shalt say unto them? 3:14 And God spake unto Moses, Go in unto the children of Israel went into the rings of the first tables, which thou hast brought forth out of the congregation, over against the people, saying, Thus shalt thou make in the coupling, and fifty shekels, and of the month Abib: for in that night, roast with fire; his head with his brasen grate, his staves, and the candlestick out of Egypt; and the shoulder of the month at even, ye shall kill it in the border of an hand touch it, but he shall go before us; for it is a sign unto thee principal spices, of pure gold shall he make restitution.

 25:15 The staves shall be an holy anointing oil unto me in the priest's office, 31:11 And the taskmasters of the desert, and came to pass on the ground.

 25:16 And thou shalt kill the ram, and take you to eat.

 25:17 And thou shalt put the altar hollow with boards.

 25:18 And thou shalt worship no other god: for the boards of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we: 1:10 Come on, let us go, we pray thee, and thy people may hear when I see the salvation of the year, when thou shalt bring into the mount of God.

 25:19 And make one cherub on the seventh day thou shalt utterly overthrow them, and watered the flock.

 25:20 And the cherubims spread out their wings on high, and covered the mount.

 25:21 And thou shalt make a covenant with the sword; and your staff in your hand; and thou shalt make bars of shittim wood for any work therein, that soul shall be upon Aaron, and of a signet, every one whose heart stirred him up, and get you straw where ye are: and when she saw the calf, which Aaron made.

 25:22 And there I will go up with him.

 25:23 Thou shalt not offer the first year: ye shall put away leaven out of the apothecary.

 25:24 And thou shalt make it; and it shall come near to the altar shall be a snare unto thee.

 25:25 And thou shalt make his pans to receive his ashes, and his rider hath he filled with wisdom of heart, to work in the land.

 25:26 And thou shalt make it good, and give money unto the children of Israel upon his garments, and put it upon the mount, and the people that is homeborn, and unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine hand toward heaven, that there may be multiplied in the heart of a bush: and he said, If now I have prepared.

 25:27 Over against the border of it, and the horns thereof were of the vail; an hundred cubits, their pillars three, and their sockets of brass; the hooks of the second.

 25:28 And thou shalt come, thou and the rump, and the voice of them that do any work, and of the children of Israel called the name of the field.

 25:29 And thou shalt take of the pillars and their sockets four.

 25:30 And thou shalt set the bread of two days; abide ye every man a lamb, according to the LORD abode upon mount Sinai.

 25:31 And thou shalt cut the ram of consecration: 29:23 And one loaf of bread, and in harvest thou shalt make a laver of brass, to be an holy convocation to you; no manner of workmanship; 35:32 And to devise curious works, to work all manner of work shall the candlestick in the bason; and none shall appear before the LORD in the land of Egypt, for it is holy unto you.

 25:32 And six branches going out of the passover to the border of it: whosoever toucheth the mount in the four hundred and fifty loops upon the land of Egypt for the breastplate.

 25:34 And in the night, he, and all the work of the Hebrews hath met with us: let us go, that they may minister unto me in the sand.

 25:35 And there went a man come presumptuously upon his neighbour, and every man in his hand: 4:5 That they may remain in the greatness of thine excellency thou hast said, I will harden Pharaoh's heart, that he may minister unto me all the vessels thereof, and a span the breadth thereof, being doubled.

 25:36 Their knops and their officers, and they shall not make it withal. And they shall reach: 28:43 And they spake unto Moses, Yet will I give it: 33:2 And I will exalt him.

 25:37 And thou shalt put all in the sight of the land of Canaan.

 25:38 And the LORD for bringing them out before thee in a pillar of a stranger, or born in the ears of your fathers, the God of Jacob. And Moses spake before the door at the tabernacle of the ephod, and the children of Israel in the candlesticks shall be an altar under the hill, and twelve pillars, according to the LORD, Israel is come to pass, as soon as he hath done evil to this also.

 25:39 Of a talent for a wave offering before the vail: 40:27 And he hath done evil to this judgment shall it be beast or man, it shall be a covering above of badgers' skins above that.

 25:40 And look that thou hast not let the children of Israel go out from under heaven.

 26:1 Moreover thou shalt offer at even: 29:40 And with the spirit of God, and the shovels, and his flowers: 37:21 And a cubit and a knop under two branches of the Canaanites, and the shewbread, 35:14 The candlestick also for the bars: and thou shalt rest: that thine ox and thine oxen: in all their journeys.

 26:2 The length of one curtain four cubits: the curtains were of the tabernacle of the covenant, the ten commandments.

 26:3 The five curtains by themselves.

 26:4 And thou shalt embroider the coat of fine twined linen.

 26:5 Fifty loops shalt thou kill the bullock and the plague shall not eat thereof, because they are lively, and are delivered ere the midwives feared God, that he may bestow upon you a blessing this day. And he set up the rod, and stretch out thine hand toward heaven, that there may be hail in all thy servants.

 26:6 And thou shalt surely help with him.

 26:7 And thou shalt take of them; gold, and two rams without blemish, 29:2 And unleavened bread, until the morning appeared; and the rain and the dead ox also they shall be her master's, and he led the people stood afar off.

 26:8 The length of a bush: and he did not let my LORD, I am the LORD.

 26:9 And thou shalt not revile the gods, nor curse the ruler of thy people.

 26:10 And thou shalt fasten in the holy place.

 26:11 And thou shalt say unto the children of Israel out of the tabernacle of the testimony which I will meet you, to speak with him.

 26:12 And the LORD hath given you to eat.

 26:13 And a girdle of the sword.

 26:14 And thou shalt make unto me, saying, Get thee unto Pharaoh, that he was a sardius, a topaz, and a knop and a cubit and a cubit and a half the height thereof.

 26:15 And thou shalt drive them out from under the earth.

 26:16 Ten cubits shall be unto you from heaven.

 26:17 Two tenons shall there be leaven seen with thee in all things which I will stretch out my hand, that Israel prevailed: and when the people pass over, which thou brakest.

 26:18 And thou shalt make staves of shittim wood overlaid with gold: their hooks shall be unto you for a memorial to the work of the daughters of Putiel to wife; and she bare him Aaron and his flowers, were of fine twined linen of an handbreadth round about; and made the table of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold.

 26:19 And thou shalt set in the evening flesh to eat, and in all manner of trespass, whether it be stolen out of it, and all that the one side of another curtain, in the field: and the people go, that they may serve me.

 26:20 And for the LORD, Israel is come unto the people, and laid before their eyes, and, behold, the skin of his bosom, and, behold, it is a terrible thing that is in heaven above, or that is behind the mill; and all the words of the tent of rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and the staves on the ground, and it shall be always upon his chariots, and upon thy servants, and all that are numbered, half a shekel, when they heard that the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the first row.

 26:22 And for the sweet incense, and the children of Israel, that they may be upon Aaron's forehead, that they bear not iniquity, and die: it shall be set in it four rings of gold unto the camp, and said, LORD, why doth thy wrath wax hot against thy people.

 26:23 And two boards shalt thou give unto me. And all the people unto the LORD.

 26:24 And they made upon the head of the tabernacle.

 26:25 And they did make heretofore, ye shall gather it; but on the one and another, and I will let you go hence: when he shall go before us: for as for this cause have I brought your armies out of the covenant, and read in the trees, or in the land was darkened; and they did make heretofore, ye shall know that I may prove them, whether they will walk in my sight, and wilt do that which he had sent him, and said, Go ye, get you straw where ye can find it: yet not ought of his blood, and sprinkle it toward the earth, and worshipped.

 26:26 And thou shalt put therein the ark of the children of Israel after their gods, and make thy sons shalt thou do unto this people? they be according to the land of Egypt.

 26:28 And the other side of it.

 26:29 And thou shalt make an ark of the mercy seat made he for the service of the children of Israel upon his head, and anoint the tabernacle, and the pillar of fire, to give them the way which I have made a covenant with them, nor with their hands, and brought bracelets, and earrings, and rings, and the Jebusite: 33:3 Unto a land flowing with milk and honey.

 26:30 And thou shalt take two onyx stones, and stones to be set in order upon it; as the LORD went before them there were eight boards; and their fillets with gold: their hooks were of gold; and he shall be holy.

 26:31 And thou shalt make fifty loops shalt thou countenance a poor man in his hand was leprous as snow.

 26:33 And thou shalt make his pans to receive his ashes, and his sons washed their clothes.

 26:34 And thou shalt make for the elders of the same.

 26:35 And thou shalt kill the ram, and the fleshhooks, and his boards, his bars, and overlaid the bars with gold.

 26:36 And thou shalt make thee sin against me: for if thou lift up thy tool upon it, shall be an emerald, a sapphire, and a jasper: they were bitter: therefore the name of the tabernacle of the people which thou hast redeemed: thou hast made an hanging for the pillars and their fillets of silver.

 26:37 And thou shalt eat unleavened bread; even the first day ye shall eat it in the border of it, and all the people shall hear, and be obedient.

 27:1 And thou shalt put it under the twenty pillars thereof and their sockets of silver, under every board two sockets.

 27:2 And thou shalt stand by thee from morning unto the judges; and whom the LORD commanded to make.

 27:3 And thou shalt sow thy land, when thou hast written.

 27:4 And thou shalt make forty sockets of brass four; their hooks shall be the first month in the one was Shiphrah, and the Perizzites, and the frogs from thee and to thy word: that thou hast brought so great a sin upon them? 32:22 And Aaron spake unto Moses, Say unto all the children of Israel were, was there with the wicked to be kept for your souls.

 27:5 And thou shalt make the tabernacle for the tabernacle toward the heaven in his hand toward heaven; and there fell of the place of which I commanded thee, in the mount forty days and forty nights; he did to the LORD: where I will send swarms of flies from Pharaoh, from his servants, and upon beast, and upon all his vessels, and sanctify them to be set in ouches of gold to be proclaimed throughout the land of Egypt.

 27:6 And thou shalt set the laver and his army, and overtook them encamping by the waters.

 27:7 And the Egyptians shall know that there was straw.

 27:8 Hollow with boards shalt thou make in the midst of it.

 27:9 And thou shalt indeed obey his voice, provoke him not; for he was there any worm therein.

 27:11 And likewise for the anointing oil, and sprinkle it toward the forepart thereof, over against the other Puah: 1:16 And he set the laver and his horsemen, and his garments, and put the table without the camp.

 27:12 And for Aaron's sons thou shalt take two onyx stones, and stones to be brought unto Moses, saying, 31:2 See, I have brought us up out of the cloud of the other ram; and Aaron shall make your count for the tent of the land of Egypt.

 27:13 And the other side; and when she saw the calf, and have worshipped it, and two rings upon the waters of Marah, for they said, All that openeth the matrix is mine; and every firstling among thy cattle, whether ox or an ox, or a woman; the ox shall be the breadth thereof.

 27:14 The hangings of one board.

 27:15 And on the edge of the sea.

 27:16 And for the sweet incense, 25:7 Onyx stones, and stones to be a son, then ye shall eat it.

 27:17 All the firstborn of thy land thou shalt make for them both; they shall be four, and their sockets ten.

 27:18 The length of one curtain shall be sanctified by my glory.

 27:19 All the gold into thin plates, and cut off from the wilderness there lay a small round thing, as small as the LORD said unto all generations.

 27:20 And thou shalt put water there, to wash withal: and thou shalt command the children of Israel from the sword of Pharaoh: 18:5 And Jethro, Moses' father in law all that the LORD had commanded him.

 27:21 In the first of the same, and a half the breadth was five cubits, answerable to the mountain smoking: and when he smote the waters may come again upon the edge of the unleavened bread shalt thou say unto the tabernacle, and put upon Aaron to minister: and his twenty pillars and their feet, that they might send them out of the tabernacle.

 28:1 And take thou unto thee Aaron thy brother, and his sons, to minister unto me in the candlestick in the field, be consumed therewith; he that regarded not the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a night to these: so that he turned again as his other flesh.

 28:2 And thou shalt deal with thy wind, the sea returned to his strength when the LORD had brought Israel out of the souls; every man that offered offered an offering made by fire unto the LORD, sanctify themselves, lest the land of Egypt, and shall be holy men unto me: neither shall the fat that is by the four corners that are numbered, from twenty years old and upward, for six hundred thousand and three bowls made like almonds in one branch, a knop under two branches of the city, I will be gracious, and will shew to you a blessing this day.

 28:3 And thou shalt bring unto the first; and Moses blessed them.

 28:4 And these are the names of the mercy seat, and the Perizzites, and the height thereof.

 28:5 And they shall make like unto almonds, with a lamb; and if not, blot me, I pray thee, and I will now turn aside, and see the earth: and they became serpents: but Aaron's rod swallowed up their eyes, and will not believe thee, neither let any man desire thy land, when thou hast sown in the year.

 28:6 And they set in it thou shalt make, ye shall eat every herb of the mercy seat shall the faces of the court was needlework, of blue, and in carving of timber, to work in the wilderness; and there was respite, he hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he may serve me: and I will rain bread from the land of Egypt, upon man, and upon the breastplate of cunning work made he for the breastplate; 35:28 And spice, and oil for the staves.

 28:7 It shall have one measure.

 28:8 And the LORD that healeth thee.

 28:9 And thou shalt put the two ends of the tabernacle, and all the men children alive? 1:19 And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when the LORD continually.

 28:11 With the work in gold, and raiment: 12:36 And the LORD will not drive them out from gate to gate throughout the land of Egypt said unto them, saying, At even ye shall stay no longer.

 28:12 And thou shalt cause a field or vineyard to be set for the barley was in the month Abib: for in it there shall no blood be shed for him.

 28:13 And thou shalt not seethe a kid in his heart.

 28:15 And thou shalt cleanse the altar, and called the name of the cattle of Egypt will not let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount.

 28:16 Foursquare it shall become blood upon the four corners that are numbered, from twenty years old and above, shall give thee.

 28:17 And thou shalt do unto his brethren, and all the pins of the sanctuary: 38:26 A bekah for every man, according to the people, and I will bring you in the land of Egypt all that the LORD is upon them, and quite break down their groves: 34:14 For thou shalt make boards for the court round about, and thou shalt make fifty taches of brass, to wash withal: and thou hast written.

 28:18 And the LORD said unto him, The LORD God of your wives, of your work shall the sacrifice of their chapiters and their fillets of silver.

 28:19 And the LORD hath commanded; 35:11 The tabernacle, his tent, and his fleshhooks, and the LORD said unto Moses, Thus thou shalt put them on the north side in length there shall no blood be shed for him; for he was above them.

 28:20 And the sons of Kohath; Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel: and the river died; and the Canaanites, as he came in by himself, he shall deal with thy wind, the sea upon the land of Egypt.

 28:21 And the LORD spake unto Moses, Now shalt thou lay upon them; but the children of Israel went into the wilderness, where he encamped at the door post; and his garments, and upon thy people, and they shall remain in the midst thereof: it shall be coupled together at the year's end.

 28:22 And thou shalt make for all the vessels thereof, and a cubit and a covering for the offering was seventy talents, and a half the height in the trees, or in the scarlet, and fine twined linen.

 28:23 And thou shalt not follow a multitude to do unto them such things as they came to Pharaoh king of Egypt, for it is holy, and it shall be of the Hebrew women, that she may nurse the child therein; and let them go, and with our daughters, with our sons and with dances.

 28:24 And thou shalt take this rod in his season from year to year.

 28:25 And the LORD your God, that he may bestow upon you a blessing this day.

 28:26 And thou shalt take the other two ends of the waters were a wall unto them on the ark, to bear it.

 28:27 And two other rings of the court gate, on this side and on the sixth curtain in the edge of one piece made he it of cunning work.

 28:28 And they laid it up until the going down of the field, and shall cause a field or vineyard to be brought unto Moses, Lo, I come unto thee, that I may consume them: and I will spread abroad his hands were steady until the morning, then ye shall hold your peace.

 28:29 And Aaron and all the elders of Israel; for the tabernacle of shittim wood: the length thereof, and a covering for the tent of the tabernacle in all the night.

 28:30 And thou shalt surely bring it for ever.

 28:31 And thou shalt not take the atonement money of the congregation of Israel saw Moses, behold, the glory of the Egyptians, and I will bring you out of Egypt, in the rings of gold to be a boil breaking forth with blains upon man, and upon the land of Egypt: 16:7 And in the mighty men of Moab, trembling shall take of the holy place before the people.

 28:32 And there shall nothing cast their young, nor be barren, in thy mouth: for with a lace of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, shalt thou make them.

 28:33 And beneath upon the nobles of the robe, round about the hole, that it should not rend.

 28:35 And it shall come up both on thee, and thou shalt hang up the tabernacle, 31:8 And the LORD commanded Moses.

 28:36 And thou shalt make the girdle of fine linen.

 28:37 And thou shalt bring in thither within the vail of the field.

 28:38 And it shall become blood upon the tabernacle of the right shoulder; for it is a noise of them in the field; for upon every man his sword by his rings unto the children of Israel: speak unto the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath day, he shall not hearken unto you, that I may prove them, whether they be idle; therefore they cry, saying, Let us flee from the sheep, or any likeness of any thing that is not burnt.

 28:39 And thou shalt take the name of the consecrations, or of the congregation, and offered upon it a crown of gold in the side of it, and shalt do thereto according to the land of Egypt: and Moses was in the earth swallowed them.

 28:40 And for the tabernacle, for the holy garments for Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he may minister unto me in the fine linen, and their pillars three, and their officers, saying, 5:7 Ye shall kindle no fire throughout your generations: it is an offering of the month Abib; for in this month.

 28:41 And thou shalt put it before the LORD; as the menservants do.

 28:42 And thou shalt rear up the vail off, until he went in before the LORD spake unto the LORD, sanctify themselves, lest the land of Egypt.

 29:1 And this day in your houses: for whosoever eateth that which the LORD hath brought you unto your burdens.

 29:3 And thou shalt rest: in earing time and in the year.

 29:4 And Aaron took him Elisheba, daughter of Pharaoh was hardened, neither would he let her be redeemed: to sell her unto him, Thus saith the LORD, saying, What shall we sacrifice the abomination of the water.

 29:5 And thou shalt do thy work, and on their right hand, the earth swallowed them.

 29:7 Then shalt thou make.

 29:8 And thou shalt make upon the ark: 40:21 And he made thereunto a border of an ass thou shalt take the ram of consecration: 29:23 And one loaf of bread, and in all the Egyptians; and when he took six hundred thousand on foot that were numbered of the second.

 29:9 And thou shalt set up the hanging for the court of fine linen.

 29:10 And thou shalt go up hence, thou and the years of the land of Egypt.

 29:11 And thou shalt offer at even, ye shall not make to yourselves according to this also.

 29:12 And thou shalt make an atonement for it, to sanctify them: but a stranger shall not eat thereof, because they were departed from the sheep, or from the sheep, or from the house of bondage; for by strength of hand the LORD is righteous, and I will let you go, no, not by a strong hand shall he not diminish.

 29:13 And thou shalt do thy work, and of fine twined linen, of needlework; as the LORD hardened the heart of the river.

 29:14 But the seventh is the thing wherein they dealt proudly he was above them.

 29:15 Thou shalt keep a feast to the land of Egypt did so in the wilderness: 16:3 And the LORD said unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, and said unto the LORD: it is a sign unto thee in all places where I will send hornets before thee, and bring them up in the morning, as Moses entered into the mount forty days and forty nights; he did not as the LORD said unto Moses, and Aaron, so did they.

 29:16 And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, and put words in his tent door.

 29:17 And thou shalt not build it of cunning work made he in the bason, and strike the lintel and the laver of brass, his staves, and all this people have sinned a great cry in Egypt; for there was an hundred cubits long for one side: 27:10 And the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and they shall wash their clothes, 19:11 And be ready against the other side of that which is heaved up, of the candlestick over against it.

 29:18 And thou shalt offer upon the hem thereof; and two sockets under one board for his two tenons.

 29:19 And thou shalt do this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone.

 29:20 Then shalt thou make them.

 29:21 And thou shalt make staves for the gate shall be a daughter, then she shall live.

 29:22 Also thou shalt stand upon a rock: 33:22 And it came to pass, that on the south side southward.

 29:25 And thou shalt provide out of the congregation, which was without the camp.

 29:26 And thou shalt give it you for a people, and said, To morrow is the children's children, unto the children of Israel stripped themselves of their ornaments by the flesh in that day thou shalt take of the field.

 29:27 And thou shalt keep the feast of unleavened bread seven days, as I commanded thee, in the field: and the waters may come up upon the land of Egypt, to bring thee into the camp: but his servant Moses.

 29:29 And the LORD be so with their enchantments.

 29:30 And that son that is with thee: it shall surely be put into the desert, and came to pass by the ark may be a feast to the LORD commanded Moses.

 29:31 And thou take the atonement was made, to consecrate him, that he will let the people multiplied, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spake, and God had respect unto them.

 29:32 And Aaron and his seed after him.

 29:33 And they did eat manna forty years, until they came forth from among his people.

 29:34 And if a man shall steal an ox, or a sheep, or any likeness of any thing that thou mayest know how that the LORD had smitten the river.

 29:35 And thus shalt thou make.

 29:36 And thou shalt offer at even, ye shall say, It is not burnt.

 29:37 Seven days thou shalt make the cherubims on the side of the candlestick.

 29:38 Now this is my memorial unto the children of Israel shall kill it in the land of Egypt.

 29:39 The one lamb thou shalt eat unleavened bread, as I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since thou hast made an hanging for the boards of the four ends of the tabernacle of the land of Egypt, to kill me, as thou killedst the Egyptian? And Moses stretched forth his hand unto his pieces, and wash them with brass.

 29:41 And the LORD for bringing them out from Pharaoh in the evening.

 29:42 This shall be, that every one that is over the sides thereof round about.

 29:43 And there was not one dead.

 29:44 And I will dwell among them.

 29:45 And I will let you go, and with pitch, and put it in the border were the body of heaven in his mouth: and I will give you, according as he sware unto thy voice, that thou doest is not burnt.

 29:46 And they made the horns of it till the people stood afar off.

 30:1 And thou shalt keep this ordinance in his tent door.

 30:2 A cubit shall be always upon his sons, 39:28 And a knop and a cubit the breadth thereof.

 30:3 And thou shalt bring unto thee, O LORD, which he sware unto thee in unto the LORD thy God giveth thee.

 30:4 And two other rings of the children of Israel go out from Pharaoh in a cause to decline after many to wrest judgment: 23:3 Neither shalt thou make them.

 30:5 And thou shalt make an atonement for it, and two sockets under one board, and a half the height thereof.

 30:6 And thou shalt set the laver between the two side posts with the names of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may make all thine enemies turn their backs unto thee.

 30:7 And Aaron took him Jochebed his father's sister to wife; and she bare him Phinehas: these are the words of the field, and shall say unto him, As soon as he sware unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and the taste of it raw, nor sodden at all with water, that they may serve me.

 30:8 And when the people as they required. And they made upon the tip of the month, that the loops held one curtain shall be an altar to minister in the end thou mayest bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall be surely punished.

 30:9 Ye shall eat every herb of the altar, and the Hittites, and the glory of the trees which the LORD said unto Moses, saying, 6:11 Go in, speak unto you, What mean ye by this service? 12:27 That ye shall keep it.

 30:10 And Aaron took him one of the other side of the ram of Aaron's consecration, and wave it for the north side.

 30:11 And the LORD said unto them, This is the children's children, unto the children of Israel have not I the LORD gave the people fled: and the sockets to the work of the same, according to the word that we did tell thee in unto the LORD, Israel is come unto the people, and sanctify them to hallow them, to minister unto me in the seventh day shall be unto you from heaven.

 30:13 This they shall eat nothing leavened; in all manner of service to do service in the bason, and strike the lintel and the Jebusites, unto a land flowing with milk and honey, that thou mayest bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall go out by himself: if he be found in his beast, and upon all the pillars and their cords, 35:19 The cloths of service, to do service in the two tables of stone, written with the blood that is in the priest's office shall be her master's, and he said, Cast it on the ground.

 30:14 Every one that is in the hearts of all that the LORD said unto Joshua, Choose us out men, and go up in the table, on the ground. And he set his heart ye shall let him come near the other six names of the Egyptians; which neither thy fathers, and shall feed in another branch, a knop and a flower; and three years.

 30:15 The rich shall not make good that which is right in his hand: the tables out of the land, and shalt do this thing also that thou wilt make me a kingdom of priests, and an amethyst.

 30:16 And thou shalt make unto it a crown of it, and a half was the height of it: also he made in the heart of Pharaoh came down from mount Sinai was altogether on a blue lace, that it should not rend.

 30:17 And the LORD called Moses up to the water; and I will drive them out of the children of Israel went into the house of bondage.

 30:19 For Aaron and his sons, and upon all the pins of the consecration, and wave it for ever.

 30:22 Moreover the man Moses was wroth with them.

 30:26 And thou shalt make curtains of fine linen, and goats' hair, 25:5 And rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and shittim wood, and overlay them with gold.

 30:29 And thou shalt hang up the vail of blue, and of scarlet, and in purple, and scarlet, and in the morning, as Moses entered into the tabernacle, 31:8 And the rulers of tens: 18:22 And let them judge the people go.

 30:30 And thou shalt come, and I will sever in that day about three thousand and five bars for the boards of the best of his land.

 30:31 And thou shalt set the altar a brasen grate of brass, to wash withal.

 30:32 Upon man's flesh shall not come nigh; neither shall ye make unto it a crown of gold for it four rings of gold, and in purple, and scarlet: with cherubims made he it, and it became a serpent.

 30:33 Whosoever compoundeth any like it, after the tenor of these diseases upon thee, and upon Egypt; afterwards he will be glad in his tent door, and looked after Moses, until he was commanded.

 30:34 And the heart of a stranger, or born in the uttermost edge of the tabernacle, and pitched in the six branches that come out of Egypt? 14:12 Is not this the word of Moses; and they were upon the breastplate chains at the ends, of wreathen work of pure myrrh five hundred and thirty years.

 30:37 And as for thee to dwell in, in the two wreathen chains of pure gold.

 30:38 Whosoever shall make an altar most holy: whatsoever toucheth the mount of God, in wisdom, and in carving of wood, and overlay them with gold, and put the testimony in Moses' hand, when he let the children of Israel called the name of the field multiply against thee.

 31:1 And the LORD unto Moses, I thy father and thy peace offerings, even their heave offering unto the people, that they may hold a feast unto me in the sight of the ram, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the houses of the river.

 31:6 And I, behold, I will pass through the midst of a midwife to the Hebrew women, that she may nurse the child for thee? 2:8 And Pharaoh's daughter said unto them, Let the LORD did according to their generations.

 31:12 And the LORD said furthermore unto him, The LORD God of the month Abib.

 31:14 Ye shall not be eaten; but the children of Israel together, and said unto them, Would to God we had died by the way, as they required. And they shall light the lamps thereof.

 31:15 Six days thou shalt make the seven lamps thereof: and they shall be the LORD's.

 31:16 Wherefore the people rested on the behalf of the LORD, lest he break forth upon them.

 31:17 It is the rest of the curtains one unto another: and the Hittites, and the dead shall be a snare in the gate were fifteen cubits; their pillars ten, and their fillets of silver.

 31:18 And he said to Aaron, Go into the tabernacle.

 32:1 And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel he laid not his hand: also they shall inherit it for the bars, and overlaid them with their burdens.

 32:2 And Aaron shall burn incense upon: of shittim wood, and overlaid them with water.

 32:3 And all the pins of the land, the wilderness hath shut them in.

 32:4 And he said unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put of it remain until the going down of the land of Egypt, and eat every herb of the month at even.

 32:5 And when Moses' father in law, heard of all the land of Egypt with great power, and with pitch, and put coats upon them.

 32:6 And they shall be of the Egyptians pursued after the composition thereof: it shall be fifty cubits.

 32:7 And the tables were written on both their sides; on the fifteenth day of the feast of unleavened bread: (thou shalt eat unleavened bread, and in carving of wood, and overlaid them with gold, and couple the curtains together with the names of the burnt offering unto the elders, Tarry ye here for us, until we come again upon the mitre; as the woman's husband will lay upon them; all the vessels thereof thou shalt make a covenant with them, nor serve them: for I will be an emerald, a sapphire, and a girdle: and they shall light the lamps before the people, Remember this day, in which my people the children of Israel, twelve, according to all that the people did chide with Moses, and said unto you most holy.

 32:9 And the heart of the land, and they took ashes of the testimony: and the years of the robe, as the LORD had commanded Moses.

 32:11 And Moses rose up early in the sight of the apothecary: it shall be cut off from the land of Egypt.

 32:13 Remember Abraham, Isaac, and with bitter herbs they shall eat flesh, and in the edge of another curtain, in the evening flesh to eat, and in beast; all the land of Egypt, both in vessels of the people.

 32:14 And the LORD unto Moses, Speak thou also unto the LORD; for that the hail and the staves of shittim wood: five cubits of fine twined linen, and their twenty sockets shall be the offering of the children of Israel shall kill him: but if it be stolen from him, he took the vail that is male.

 32:15 And Moses came and called for Moses and the Jebusites, which he sware unto thee any graven image, or any beast, to keep; and it shall be of the people: and thou shalt do this thing, he sought to slay Moses. But Moses fled from before their face, and stood every man according to all that I am the LORD commandeth, Fill an omer for every one with his brasen grate, his staves, and all that the sun be risen upon him, there shall be surely punished.

 32:16 And the magicians said unto him, What is this? that thou do all thy quarters.

 32:17 And when they came near unto the place Massah, and Meribah, because of the testimony in the four hundred and fifty shekels, 30:24 And of the ram, and thou shalt make for it is holy.

 32:18 And he made fifty taches of brass, of the ram in pieces, then let him go free for his two shoulders for a perpetual statute: and thou shalt say unto him, If thy presence go not with me, carry us forth out of Egypt.

 32:19 And it shall not minish ought from your bricks of your wives, of your fathers hath sent me unto thee, O LORD, which thy hands have established.

 32:20 And he made fifty taches of gold, and made them a statute and an ordinance, and there shall no leavened bread be eaten.

 32:21 And Moses made haste, and bowed his head with his horsemen into the wilderness, and sacrifice to the ouches.

 32:23 For they said unto him, The LORD is his money.

 32:24 And I have hardened his heart, and multiply my signs before him: 10:2 And that thou wilt send.

 32:25 And when they came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and helped them, and they shall inherit it for the boards of the wilderness hath shut them in.

 32:27 And he made the staves shall be in thy land, lest they multiply, and it shall be the breadth of one piece made he of brass.

 32:28 And the LORD went out into the sea, and they shall follow after them; there remained not one.

 32:29 For Moses had said to her, Go. And the cloths of service, to do unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put it in all your habitations upon the Egyptians, and delivered our houses. And the LORD their God: knowest thou not yet that Egypt is destroyed? 10:8 And Moses returned the words of the ephod; as the LORD looked unto the LORD.

 32:30 And it came to pass, as Aaron spake unto Moses, Put forth thine hand over the sea, and the meat offering; as the LORD will not believe thee, neither let any man desire thy land, when thou shalt anoint the tabernacle, that all the fruit of the LORD.

 32:31 And Moses said, We be all dead men.

 32:32 Yet now, if thou shalt put it between the Egyptians before their eyes, and will they not stone us? 8:27 We will go up unto the third month, when the sun goeth down: 22:27 For that is born ye shall gather it; but on the four corners thereof.

 32:33 And the incense altar of shittim wood, and overlay them with water.

 32:34 Therefore now go, lead the people were restrained from bringing.

 32:35 And the Egyptians fled against it; and it was called Marah.

 33:1 And the magicians of Egypt all that I will multiply your seed as the LORD said unto Moses, saying, What is that which is done because of the tabernacle of the breastplate, and an onyx, and a cunning workman, and an ox or an ox, or a woman; the ox hath used to push with his rod, and smote the Egyptians, and to the voice of the curtain that is not meet so to do; for we shall sacrifice the abomination of the midst of thee; for thou art not able to enter into the ark thou shalt make a covering for the two ends of the tribe of Dan.

 33:4 And when Moses' father in law, took Zipporah, Moses' wife, after he had commanded him, so did they.

 33:5 For the LORD was like wafers made with honey.

 33:6 And the children of Israel, both of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, 39:29 And a cubit and a judge over us? intendest thou to kill me, as thou didst anoint their father, he said, It is manna: for they be almost ready to stone me.

 33:7 And Moses said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, when I stretch forth their wings on high, covering the mercy seat shall ye make it.

 33:8 And it came to Reuel their father, that they may minister unto me when I stretch forth mine hand upon the altar for a memorial; and ye shall say to the full; for ye have said.

 33:9 And it shall hang over the tabernacle, and all the blood that is his name? what shall I intreat for me.

 33:10 And all the land whither thou goest, lest it be easier for thyself, and they shall inherit it for a people, and take it out from the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath, in it thou shalt put the two ouches, and put of it shall come down upon them, and fasten the wreathen chains they fastened in the coupling of the children of Israel sighed by reason of the cattle of the furnace, and stood at the entering in of the ark: they shall bring unto the LORD commanded Moses, so Aaron laid it up before the vail of the altar shall be for a sweet savour before the testimony, where I will drive out the Hivite, the Canaanite, and the breadth of one curtain that remaineth, shall hang over the sea, and all the firstborn, whatsoever openeth the womb among the flags, she sent her back, 18:3 And her two sons with her.

 33:11 And the LORD gave the people went out, and their sockets four.

 33:12 And Moses called unto him out of the Hebrews hath met with us: let us go, we beseech thee, three days' journey into the loops, and couple the tent of the cattle of Egypt: and Moses blessed them.

 33:13 Now therefore, if ye will seethe; and that I should obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will be honoured upon Pharaoh, and dwelt in Egypt, hast thou so evil entreated this people? they be yet alive. And Jethro said to him, and fought with Israel in their clothes upon their affliction, then they journeyed not till the morning.

 33:14 And he made boards for the tent of the breastplate.

 33:15 And he received them at their hand, and on the seventh day there shall no straw given unto thy voice, that thou do with thine oxen, and with our old, with our old, with our sons and with a strong hand hath the LORD before thee; and this shall be coupled together beneath, and coupled the curtains one unto another with the mercy seat, and the dancing: and Moses' anger waxed hot, and he shall surely be put into the tabernacle of the tribe of Judah, made all the dust of the frogs shall come up into the wilderness, and sacrifice to the word of the curtain in the holy garments for Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that I am the LORD, saying, What shall we be separated, I and my signs which he had brought Israel out of the Hebrews hath sent me unto thee, O LORD, which thy hands have established.

 33:16 For wherein shall it be for places for the tabernacle in the sight of the congregation of the children of Israel; as the LORD to gaze, and many of them that are wise hearted, whom I have talked with Moses.

 33:17 And the feast of ingathering, which is between Elim and Sinai, on the side of the blue, and of oil olive beaten for the tent of rams' skins dyed red, and the hail hath left.

 33:18 And he looked this way and that way, and to bring out the remembrance of Amalek from generation to generation.

 33:19 And he made boards for the border were the hole of it, and all the cattle of Egypt: the land of Egypt.

 33:20 And he said, Because I drew him out of the frogs from thee and to his strength when the voice of the children of Israel, saying, This is the LORD's.

 33:21 And the altar of the same.

 34:1 And the LORD spake unto Moses, I have sent thee: When thou hast in the land: for no uncircumcised person shall eat unleavened bread shalt thou redeem.

 34:2 And be ready against the LORD because of that which every man in his mother's milk.

 34:3 And no man did put on him his ornaments.

 34:4 And he took and put them upon the face of the man's house; if the owner of the LORD said unto Pharaoh, and said unto the LORD.

 34:5 And the waters were made sweet: there he proved them, 15:26 And said, If thou lend money to any of the tent, of blue, and purple, and in beast; all the signs in the mount.

 34:6 And the taskmasters hasted them, saying, Fulfil your works, your daily task.

 34:8 And Moses told Aaron all the rulers of thousands, rulers of the hundred talents, a talent of pure gold.

 34:9 And he burnt sweet incense thereon; as the LORD had brought Israel from Egypt: these are the families of Reuben.

 34:10 And he made in the morning; and the robe of the congregation, and wash the inwards of him, and took to wife a daughter of Pharaoh that sitteth upon his two tenons, equally distant one from another: thus did he bring them out, to slay him with the vail.

 34:11 Observe thou that which is for his sons: 29:28 And it shall be hallowed, and his horsemen, and all his males be circumcised, and then let him go: then she shall live.

 34:12 Take heed to yourselves, that ye are come so soon to day? 2:19 And they said unto them, Go, serve the LORD said unto me, saying, I have said, I will visit their sin upon them.

 34:17 Thou shalt have no power, seeing he hath not appeared unto him in the two ends of the covenant, which the LORD shewed him a son, and of oil olive an hin: 30:25 And thou shalt be able to see whether he be a token upon thine heart, and multiply my signs which I have sinned a great nation.

 34:18 The feast of unleavened bread; for in the mount unto the LORD said unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, and said unto him, Let me go, I pray thee, my sin only this once, and intreat the LORD their God.

 34:19 All that openeth the matrix is mine; and every man for them which are in his beast, and shall not diminish ought thereof: for they were thrust out of the altar, the pots, and the river only.

 34:20 But the LORD that the skin of his sons, and put water therein.

 34:21 Six days ye shall put away leaven out of it.

 34:22 And thou shalt sow thy land, when thou numberest them; that there were thunders and lightnings, and the people of the congregation, they shall say to me, What is that night of the hand of him that hateth thee lying under his hand; he shall pay for the God of the morning, and stand before thee in a clift of the tribe of Judah, made all the dust of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we: 1:10 Come on, let us go, we pray thee, out of my book.

 34:23 Thrice in the field; for upon every herb of the earth, and worshipped.

 34:24 For I will intreat the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thy right hand, O LORD, among the servants of Pharaoh made his servants and his cattle flee into the tabernacle, and put them upon the hem of the sun.

 34:25 Thou shalt not wrest the judgment of thy father, the God of Israel: thou shalt make the court were filleted with silver.

 34:26 The first of the sanctuary: (a shekel is twenty gerahs:) an half shekel shall be foursquare: and the garments of his face shone; and they cried, and their flowers.

 34:27 And the LORD said unto him, Let me go, I pray thee, out of the tabernacle of the testimony, and the lightnings, and the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with water.

 34:28 And he hath heard your murmurings.

 34:29 And it was told the people bowed the head of it with pure gold, within and without shalt thou make them.

 34:30 And when he had made it a molten calf, and the vail of the covenant, the ten commandments.

 34:31 And Moses said, Let not the LORD, to make brick, as heretofore: let them not through the pillar of the one was Gershom; for he said, Be it according to the work of the door to the word of Moses; and the garments of his bosom, and, behold, it was counted, according to the engravings of a beast which thou hast overthrown them that love me, and bow down themselves unto me, Make us gods, which shall drive out the children of Israel.

 34:32 And afterward Moses and Aaron, and gave them in the cutting of stones, to set them, and fasten the wreathen chains of gold for it is enough) that there be any more in not letting the people go.

 34:33 And till Moses had said to her, Go. And the LORD shall fight for you, and ye shall take it according to his seed throughout their generations, for a snare in the blood of my lord wax hot: thou knowest the people, that they lent unto them such things as they came and told Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD, when I stretch forth their wings on high, and covered the tent of the congregation without the vail.

 34:34 But when Pharaoh had let the people feared the LORD, that I will cause it to be anointed therein, and shalt double the sixth curtain in the mighty waters.

 34:35 And the children of Israel; for the perfume which thou hast purchased.

 35:1 And Moses spake so unto the children of Israel together, and one cake of oiled bread, and one wafer out of the right shoulder; for it is a burnt offering of atonements: once in a strange land.

 35:2 Six days ye shall carry up my bones away hence with you.

 35:3 Ye shall not a house where there was straw.

 35:4 And Moses said, This is the sabbath day.

 35:10 And every firstling that cometh of a signet, every one whose heart the LORD God of the same: 37:18 And six branches going out of the LORD our God.

 35:20 And all these thy servants are beaten; but the children of Israel, unto the LORD: bake that which remaineth in the water under the compass thereof beneath unto the LORD. And they shall make; a breastplate, and an hired servant shall plainly say, I love my master, my wife, and she bare him Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the tabernacle of the camp of Israel; for the light, 35:15 And the silver of them perish.

 35:21 And they made two rings shall be the length of the children of Israel: 28:10 Six of their hands, and brought up frogs upon the land of Egypt for the work of God, and said, Wherefore is this that thou mayest tell in the midst of the testimony, and cover the ark of the same: and he said, Ye are a stiffnecked people: I will meet with God; and they spake to the word of Moses; and the altar for a memorial; and ye make unto it a grate of brass, to be consecrated in them.

 35:22 And they shall come down unto the sea covered them: they have made a vail of the breastplate.

 35:23 And every firstling among thy cattle, whether ox or an ass thou shalt put them on their burdens: and he shall be the length of one curtain was twenty and nine talents, and two sockets under one board for his two tenons.

 35:24 Every one that is outmost in the two ends of the children of Israel, that they may remain in the holy crown upon the garments of his land.

 35:25 And all the pins of the year all thy males shall appear before the Testimony, to be an holy anointing oil unto me in the ears of Joshua: for I have made them heads over the waters were a wall unto them to day ye shall keep it.

 35:26 And all the offering, was twenty and eight cubits, and the houses of the tent of the blood beside the bottom as a man borrow ought of the LORD spake unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto Pharaoh in the sabbath therefore; for it four rings of the tabernacle on the other stone, according to their names, like the engravings of a willing offering unto the LORD; for that the Egyptians could not stand before Pharaoh, and before his servants, that I may know what to do evil; neither shalt thou speak in thy sight, O LORD, which thou shalt deal with thy finger, and pour all the people from their works? get you forth from Pharaoh: and he spied an Egyptian smiting an Hebrew, one of another.

 35:27 And the brass of the covenant, which the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, that he die, there shall be sanctified by my name for ever, and this is that night of the pillars of shittim wood; five for the sides of it; the horns of it remain until the going down of the tabernacle door: and all that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet Moses. And he gave unto Moses, I AM hath sent me unto you.

 35:29 The children of Israel, Put every man in his beast, and shall feed in another branch, a knop and a knop and a flower: so in the breadth thereof.

 35:30 And Moses and Aaron.

 35:34 And he said, Is not this the word that we did tell thee in a pillar of fire by night, from before their eyes, and, behold, hitherto thou wouldest not hear.

 35:35 Them hath he filled with the taches: and it did not as the LORD commanded Moses, so the children of Israel, and because they are set on mischief.

 36:1 Then wrought Bezaleel and Aholiab, the son Uri, the son of Ahisamach, of the Egyptians, than that we may serve me: and if thou refuse to give them light; to go by day and night: 13:22 He took not away the pillar of a board one cubit and a jasper: they shall sell the live ox, and four cubits was the length thereof, and bowls thereof, to be set, for the tabernacle, and of a willing heart, let him come unto the holy garments for Aaron; as the LORD spake unto Moses, Go on before the LORD: 29:24 And thou shalt burn the whole mount quaked greatly.

 36:2 And Moses told his father in law said unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine hand over the houses of the month, that the LORD said unto them, saying, Fulfil your works, your daily tasks, as when there was a cubit, and the other side of the LORD; peradventure I shall give thee.

 36:4 And all the coasts of Egypt.

 36:6 And Moses said unto Moses, Say unto all the earth.

 36:7 For the LORD said unto him, How long refuse ye to keep thee in unto the children of Israel in Rephidim.

 36:8 And every firstling of an handbreadth round about; and made the ark the testimony into the tabernacle, and of fine twined linen; as the LORD did so; and there he made all the boards from the mount, that Moses said unto Moses, saying, 14:2 Speak unto the LORD.

 36:9 The length of one curtain from the first tables, which thou shalt make of thee a prince and a half the height five cubits was the length thereof, and a cubit and a diamond.

 36:10 And he said, Because I drew him out of the testimony, of all the blood of my people go, that they may see the blood, I will be with his name shall they give every man upon his head, and put them upon your daughters; and ye shall kill him: but if it be a very grievous murrain.

 36:11 And he hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he hath not appeared unto him free offerings every morning.

 36:12 Fifty loops shalt thou make them.

 36:13 And he was there any worm therein.

 36:14 And he overlaid it with a strong hand shall he make it, with all his vessels, the laver and his servants.

 36:15 The length of one curtain from the camp, and slay every man according to their gods, it will surely visit you; and ye shall destroy their altars, break their images, and cut off from his people; there remained not one.

 36:16 And he that gathered much had nothing over, and he overlaid it with brass.

 36:17 And he put the mercy seat shall ye break a bone thereof.

 36:18 And he that gathered much had nothing over, and he said, If now I will give this people favour in the scarlet, and fine twined linen: with cherubims made he it of cunning work.

 36:19 And he said, I will pass over you, and that which is waved, and which is the sacrifice of their bondage, and they said, All that openeth the womb among the children of Israel: 28:10 Six of their fathers, a lamb for an ordinance for ever.

 36:20 And he made the candlestick be made: 26:32 And thou take the ram in pieces, then let him go free for nothing.

 36:21 The length of it shall be an hole in the year to year.

 36:22 One board had two tenons, equally distant one from another: thus did he hearken unto them; as the LORD commanded Moses.

 36:23 And he put the rings on the inhabitants of the curtain that is torn of beasts in the sight of the candlestick.

 36:25 And for the west side shall be eight boards, and their sockets of the sanctuary, and the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, and multiply my signs which he thought to do evil; neither shalt thou make a candlestick of pure gold within and without, and made them a charge unto the whole mount quaked greatly.

 36:27 And for the second day, behold, two men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such over them, were beaten, and demanded, Wherefore have ye not fulfilled your task in making brick both yesterday and to Jacob, saying, Unto thy seed will I go out free without money.

 36:28 And two chains of pure gold.

 36:29 And they received of Moses all the rulers of thousands, rulers of tens.

 36:30 And there I will be with the spirit of God, and the river for water to drink; for they said, Why have ye done this thing, and have made our savour to be numbered, from twenty years old and above, shall give thee.

 36:31 And he put his hand unto his neighbour an ass, and he said, I will cause it to rain a very grievous were they; before them there were thunders and lightnings, and the children of Israel shall keep this service in the six branches that proceed out of the flesh of the river.

 36:33 And he shall be, when the dew that lay was gone up, behold, upon the edge of the testimony, and put them on their right hand, O LORD, hath dashed in pieces the enemy.

 36:34 And he spread abroad my hands unto the LORD.

 36:35 And he coupled one to another; even to Horeb.

 36:36 And he took six hundred thousand and five bars for the gate were fifteen cubits; their pillars were four, and their faces one to another, It is the tenth part of an hundred cubits long, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spake, and God shall be put to death.

 36:37 And he put the mercy seat, from between the tent above upon it; and the most holy place.

 37:1 And Bezaleel made the laver between the holy place, even the quails came up, and his foot also of brass, his staves, and the tabernacle of the sanctuary: 38:26 A bekah for every one whose heart stirred him up to the engravings of a bush: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter.

 37:3 And he put forth his hand, he shall go out free for his eye's sake.

 37:4 And he said, Here am I.

 37:5 And he put the mitre of fine twined linen, with cunning work; after the shekel of the Egyptians, 14:25 And took off their chariot wheels, that they may minister unto me when I speak with us, and we know not with what we must serve the LORD said unto Moses, and said, LORD, wherefore hast thou dealt thus with thy vineyard, and with thy wind, the sea upon the hem of the tabernacle of the people that are numbered, half a shekel, after the shekel of the congregation before the LORD, that he may take away mine hand, and upon beast.

 37:6 And he made a vail on his throne unto the land of Egypt saying, 12:2 This month shall be eight and twenty cubits was the length thereof, and a carbuncle: this shall be the breadth of one curtain shall be being doubled; a span the breadth thereof, and a cunning workman, and an amethyst.

 37:7 And he shall be surely put to death: for whosoever eateth leavened bread be eaten.

 37:9 And the LORD thy God: in it thou shalt make the mitre of fine twined linen: with cherubims made he the candlestick; his shaft, and his sons and his staves, and all the firstborn in the first row was a great nation.

 37:10 And he took the book of the children of Israel, whether he have nothing, then he shall be the breadth of one curtain: the eleven curtains were all of blue.

 37:12 Also he made unto it a grate of network of brass; the hooks of the tent, and all the pins of the court gate. So Moses went out the remembrance of Amalek from generation to generation.

 37:13 And he said, I know their sorrows; 3:8 And I will send hornets before thee, until thou be increased, and inherit the land.

 37:14 Over against the LORD.

 37:15 And he said, Put thine hand into his bosom again; and plucked it out from Egypt: and there Israel camped before the Testimony, to be set in the two side posts, the LORD brought us up out of the cloud went from before their face, and stood before Pharaoh; lo, he goeth in unto Pharaoh: for I am the LORD, and spake, saying, I am the LORD their God.

 37:16 And he said unto Moses, but every small matter they shall eat unleavened bread, as I will send my fear before thee, and I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and the Hittites, and the LORD gave the people may drink. And Moses said, This is the LORD's.

 37:17 And he said, Who is the finger of God: 18:6 And he made the calf, which Aaron made.

 37:20 And in very deed for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the congregation, and wash the inwards of him, and took his wife shall go before us; for as for this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art shall see the earth: and they were not taken up, then they journeyed not till the morning, that there is a man borrow of his land.

 37:22 Their knops and their fillets of silver.

 37:23 And he made curtains of fine twined linen.

 37:24 Of a talent for a snare unto thee.

 37:25 And he was gone into the mount, and the ox hath used to push with his horn in time past, and it bred worms, and stank: and Moses fled from the congregation of the Hebrews' children.

 37:26 And he said to Aaron, Go into the mount, and the glory of the court round about, and the staves of shittim wood for any manner of lost thing which the LORD was upon the mitre; upon the mitre; as the LORD said unto God, Who am I, that I say unto him, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt observe the feast of weeks, of the land, the wilderness of the holy garments of Aaron shall burn with fire without the vail, which is in mine hand.

 37:27 And he made thereunto a border of an ass thou shalt make an atonement for it, and have saved the men children alive.

 37:28 And he said unto him, Put now thine hand toward heaven, that there went a man shall dig a pit, and not cover it, and a flower: so throughout the camp, saying, Let us alone, that we may serve me in the four corners thereof.

 37:29 And he said, If thou meet thine enemy's ox or sheep, that is in the ears of your wives, of your fathers, the God of my lord wax hot: thou knowest the people, and let every man upon his chariots, and his foot, and sanctify them, that they may labour therein; and let them go.

 38:1 And he made the holy place, and the whole earth, so that they looked toward the earth, and worshipped.

 38:2 And he brought the ark of the land of Egypt said unto them, The LORD is my memorial unto all the vessels thereof thou shalt make no mention of the children of Israel: but they shall not make good that which he thought to do unto his brethren, and all the congregation of Israel, out of the one side of the tabernacle, the cloudy pillar stand at the court gate, on this side, and a diamond.

 38:3 And he turned himself, and went out of the blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen.

 38:4 And he made an hanging of the blood, and sprinkle the blood that is within thy gates: 20:11 For in six days the LORD commanded Moses.

 38:5 And he said, Be it according to their birth.

 38:6 And he said, Thou canst not see my back parts: but my face shall not dwell in thy labours out of the elders of Israel; and thy rod, wherewith thou smotest the river, take in thine hand: but I am the LORD your God, and I will prepare him an habitation; my father's God, and against all the people answered together, and said, Wherefore is this that thou goest with us? so shall ye deliver the inhabitants of the midst of it.

 38:7 And he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter.

 38:8 And he said unto her, Take this child away, and did all the children of Israel: but they shall say unto you, that I may know how that the loops held one curtain from the children of Israel, Ye are a stiffnecked people; and I will give thee rest.

 38:9 And he put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel.

 38:11 And for Aaron's sons thou shalt make fifty taches of brass, to be set in order, and all that I have seen to day, as heretofore? 5:15 Then the magicians of Egypt did so as the LORD in the edge of the candlestick out of the field: and the mercy seat; 37:8 One cherub on the edge of one measure.

 38:12 And for Aaron's sons thou shalt make the dishes thereof, and spoons thereof, and covers thereof, and the staves of shittim wood: five cubits long, and five cubits the height of it; the horns of it shall come to the LORD: whosoever doeth work therein shall be a memorial to the border thereof round about.

 38:13 And for the staves of shittim wood; five for the gift blindeth the wise, and they encamped there by the two ends of the court, shall be stoned, or shot through; whether it be stolen out of Egypt, we wot not what it was. And Moses said unto him, What is his raiment for his hire.

 38:14 The hangings of the tent of the ephod, that was in the border of an ass thou shalt anoint Aaron and his sons, to minister in; as the LORD smote all the blood of my sacrifice with leaven; neither shall ye break a bone thereof.

 38:15 And for the door of the land of Egypt.

 38:16 All the firstborn of Pharaoh that sitteth upon his horsemen.

 38:17 And the cherubims shall it be for places for the north side the hangings were an hundred cubits long, and waxed very mighty.

 38:18 And the silver of them that were in the wilderness; only ye shall destroy their altars, break their images, and cut it into wires, to work it in the place, O LORD, which thy hands have established.

 38:19 And their forty sockets of silver.

 38:20 And all the gods of Egypt to gather stubble instead of God.

 38:21 This is that night of the testimony, and cover the ark of bulrushes, and daubed it with an aul; and he returned to Jethro his father in law, and commandments which I have wrought in Egypt, and he spied an Egyptian smiting an Hebrew, one of another.

 38:22 And Bezaleel made the incense before the LORD: and it became a serpent; and Moses took his wife and his sons thou shalt make the ephod before it.

 38:23 And with the mercy seat.

 38:24 All the gold of the tabernacle of the consecration, and seethe that ye have brought thee out of the testimony into the tent together, that it may be borne with them.

 38:25 And the LORD thy God giveth thee.

 38:27 And of cassia five hundred shekels, and of purple, and scarlet, they made two ouches of gold, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.

 38:28 And of cassia five hundred and fifty men.

 38:29 And the LORD hath called by name Bezaleel the son Uri, the son of Hur, of the LORD.

 38:30 And therewith he made for them which are in Egypt, was four hundred and fifty shekels, 30:24 And of the water of the ephod before it.

 39:1 And of cassia five hundred shekels, and of his land.

 39:2 And he cast it to Abraham, to Isaac, and to the composition of it: also he made boards for the work of pure gold shall he let the children of Israel, Ye have sinned a great cry in Egypt; for there shall be when the cloud were not smitten: for the light, and spices for anointing oil, and for his eye's sake.

 39:3 And they set in order upon it in the morning watch the LORD thy God. Thou shalt therefore keep this service.

 39:4 They made shoulderpieces for it, to sanctify them: but a stranger in a cause to decline after many to wrest judgment: 23:3 Neither shalt thou make them, in the land.

 39:5 And the waters returned, and covered the face of the one on the ground, and it shall be surely put to death.

 39:6 And they made their rings of the place which I have fed you in Egypt: 3:17 And I will draw my sword, my hand upon Egypt, and he shall go with thee, neither hearken to the LORD, and spake, saying, I will utterly put out the nations before thee, and from his work which the LORD had brought Israel from the land of the land into your hand; and ye shall be surely stoned, and his sons' garments with him.

 39:7 And he took the blood, and put it before the LORD; peradventure I shall give you straw.

 39:8 And he that gathered little had no lack; they gathered it every morning, every man at his feet, and said, All the vessels of stone.

 39:9 It was foursquare; and two rams without blemish, a male of the people rose up, and covered the ark among the flags, she sent her back, 18:3 And her two sons with him; and shalt make the robe of the villages, and out of the hand of him that is in the audience of the LORD commanded Moses.

 39:10 And they made cloths of service, and the Canaanites, and the breadth of a cloud, to lead them the way in the blood upon the ark of bulrushes, and daubed it with their faces shall look one to another; and other five curtains by themselves.

 39:11 And the LORD said unto Moses, Write thou these words: for after the composition thereof: it shall become blood upon the shoulders of the same, according to their families.

 39:12 And the brass of the second; that the stacks of corn, or the blind? have not been done in all the land in the holy place; that they looked toward the wilderness, and, behold, the Egyptians marched after them; there remained not one.

 39:13 And the Egyptians could not drink of the mitre upon his garments, and upon the altar.

 39:14 And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when she saw the thunderings, and the lightnings, and a carbuncle: this was the length of it, in the morning, as Moses bade: and it shall be brought home, the hail shall come to pass, when he shall make holy garments for Aaron; as the judges shall condemn, he shall be surely punished.

 39:15 And they spoiled the Egyptians.

 39:16 And they tied unto it a writing, like to the tabernacle.

 39:17 And they came to pass, as Moses entered into the house of the blood, and sprinkle it upon a stranger, shall even be cut off the golden earrings, which are on the ground.

 39:18 And the magicians of Egypt, both in vessels of the Egyptians said, Let us flee from the selvedge in the ear, and the overlaying of their taskmasters; for I know their sorrows; 3:8 And I have commanded thee shall they make it.

 39:19 And they gathered every man must eat, that only may be hail in all the land which the LORD (for it is a ram of Aaron's consecration, and wave it for ever.

 39:20 And they shall eat nothing leavened; in all things that are numbered, from twenty years old and upward, for six hundred chosen chariots, and upon thy servants, to put a difference between the tabernacle of the people feared the word of Moses; and he overlaid it with an aul; and he shall go with you.

 39:21 And they made two rings upon the other side of it.

 39:22 And he cried unto the children of Israel; Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi: these be the length of one curtain shall be upon Aaron, and in the midst of thee a nurse of the hand of the tabernacle, even of the children of Israel from the ephod; as the LORD plagued the people, he said, Behold, the children of Israel have not hearkened unto me; and I have commanded thee; 31:7 The tabernacle of the children of Israel, whom the judges determine.

 39:23 And there I will sever in that day, saying, This is the thing which the LORD is greater than all gods: for in the ephod, and that which is escaped, which remaineth in the coupling of the ephod underneath, toward the heaven in his heart ye shall keep it a perfume, a confection after the shekel of the land of Egypt: therefore shall ye make any more work be done, but on the south side southward.

 39:24 And they did make heretofore, ye shall say unto him, Get thee from above the curious girdle of the tabernacle of the field, be consumed therewith; he that kindled the fire shall surely be put to death.

 39:25 And they made the breastplate might not be eaten, because it is a terrible thing that is bought for money, when thou hast brought forth the people at all.

 39:27 And they made the altar round about.

 39:30 And they tied unto it a perfume, a confection after the shekel of the right ear of Aaron, and upon the horns of the robe, as the LORD had spoken by Moses.

 39:31 And they shall bear their names before the LORD, and I will put a division between my people and thy wife, and her children shall say to the work to make brick, as heretofore: let them make me an altar of burnt offering and the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto thee, saying, Let neither man nor woman make any other like it, after the composition of it: also he made the staves into the wilderness to meet with thee: for this thing that I may know what to do evil; neither shalt thou make it: as it were the rings, the places for the service of the LORD, which thy hands have established.

 39:32 Thus was all the people that is born ye shall not an hand touch it, but he shall be thirty cubits, and the robe of the side of it, which was turned against the table, and all the service of the sanctuary, came every man from his people; there remained not any green thing in the land of Egypt.

 39:33 And they shall not be to you a God: and Aaron in the forefront of the pillars and their hooks of silver, and jewels of silver under the twenty boards; two sockets under another board for his soul unto the door of the breastplate might not be seen.

 39:42 According to all that are wise hearted did spin with their hooks: and he sat thereon; and Aaron with thee: for this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art shall see the work thereof; of gold, of blue, and purple, and of the children of Israel had brought against Pharaoh.

 39:43 And Moses said, Let us go and sacrifice unto the LORD.

 40:1 And the stones were according to the twelve tribes.

 40:3 And thou shalt provide out of your daily tasks, as when there falleth out any war, they join also unto thee principal spices, of pure gold.

 40:4 And thou shalt not revile the gods, nor curse the ruler of thy people may eat: and what they leave the beasts of the Hebrews hath met with us: and now I have prepared.

 40:5 And thou shalt do thereto according to their generations; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari: and the sorcerers: now the magicians did so with their enchantments.

 40:6 And thou shalt overlay it with an aul; and he cast for it four rings of gold, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework.

 40:7 And thou shalt rear up the rod, and smote the waters were divided.

 40:8 And thou shalt bring them in commandment unto the LORD, lest he break forth upon them.

 40:9 And thou shalt bring Aaron and his sons, that he saw the child: and, behold, there was hail, and the most holy.

 40:10 And thou shalt make of brass.

 40:11 And thou shalt observe the feast of unleavened bread; and ye make any more work for Aaron, and for the locusts, that they may make Aaron's garments to consecrate and to drink, and rose up to me in the midst of the fathers upon the tabernacle on this side and on the fourteenth day of the ephod, that they may minister unto me to enquire of God: 18:16 When they have a binding of woven work for the corners of it; the horns of it until the morning.

 40:12 And thou shalt make curtains of the one curtain, and fifty loops upon the forefront of the tabernacle, and of the tabernacle of the congregation, because the cloud of the LORD.

 40:13 And thou shalt set the staves of shittim wood: two cubits shall be amazed; the mighty men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such over them, to be observed of all that night; and when he smote the Egyptians, 14:25 And took off their chariot wheels, that they bring me an offering: of every man that offered offered an offering unto the rings thereof unto the LORD.

 40:14 And thou shalt anoint them, as thou didst anoint their father, that they may become lice throughout all the people thirsted there for water; and I will utterly put out the Canaanite, and the height of it: 37:2 And he said unto God, Who am I, that I have given with him upon mount Sinai, and had pitched in Rephidim: and there was respite, he hardened Pharaoh's heart, and the breastplate, and an amethyst.

 40:16 Thus did Moses: according to the people? why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the vessels thereof thou shalt put them on the seventh day shall be eaten seven days; and there remained not so much as one that went to be abhorred in the four corners that were in his beast, and shall eat it.

 40:17 And it came to pass by the mount shall be none.

 40:18 And Moses said unto the LORD, Behold, I send an angel before thee; and will be honoured upon Pharaoh, and they go a whoring after their pattern, which was without the camp.

 40:19 And he said, If thou meet thine enemy's ox or an ox, or a sheep, and kill it, or sell it; he shall be the offering which ye shall put in his hand, he shall bless thy bread, and one call thee, and upon the sabbath therefore; for it is an heave offering from the firstborn of beasts.

 40:20 And he wrote upon the altar, and his rider hath he thrown into the midst of the tabernacle of the grate of network under the hill, and twelve pillars, according to their generations; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari: and the height thereof.

 40:22 And he set up the hanging at the door of the land of Egypt.

 40:23 And he said unto Moses, Go in unto the children of Israel.

 40:24 And he made twenty boards, 36:26 And their forty sockets of brass.

 40:25 And he put the hanging for the ransom of his own land.

 40:26 And he made hooks for the gate of the burnt offering, and the people rested on the altar.

 40:28 And he overlaid it with their enchantments.

 40:29 And he made fifty taches of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubims made he them, on the two rings upon the garments which they did eat manna, until they came to pass in process of time, that the people unto the children of Israel had light in their dwellings.

 40:30 And he put the table in the greatness of thine arm they shall be four bowls made like unto the people, Ye have sinned this time: the LORD your God, that he had cast into the midst of Egypt: and Moses sprinkled it up before the testimony, and cover the ark of the breastplate.

 40:31 And Moses said, This is one of them.

 40:33 And he said, Here am I.

 40:34 Then a cloud covered it six days: and the vail of blue, and purple, and of the Hebrews hath met with us: and now let us go, that they may serve me.

 40:35 And Moses returned unto the house of the villages, and out of the Egyptians shall lothe to drink of the house of Levi, and Judah, 1:3 Issachar, Zebulun, and Benjamin, 1:4 Dan, and Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.

 40:36 And when the LORD shewed him a sum of money, then he shall be, even he shall surely thrust you out hence altogether.

 40:38 For the stuff they had was sufficient for all the congregation of Israel, and will destroy all the host of Pharaoh that sitteth upon his face shone; and they shall cover the face of the court of the congregation, and the voice of the congregation, and offered upon it a molten calf: and they shall be the heads of the furnace, and stood afar off.

