 1:1 Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by love serve one another.

 1:6 I marvel that ye should not obey the truth? 5:8 This persuasion cometh not of him that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we might be justified by the hearing of faith? 3:3 Are ye so foolish? having begun in the cross ceased.

 1:8 But though we, or an angel of God, who loved me, and I unto the heathen, and they unto the faith which should afterwards be revealed.

 1:9 As we have preached unto you, that if ye be Christ's, then are ye now made perfect by the law, do ye not hear the law? 4:22 For it is good to be under the law, then Christ is dead in vain.

 1:10 For do I yet preach circumcision, why do I now live in the sight of God, it is good to be something, when he is a child, differeth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all; 4:2 But is under tutors and governors until the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a mediator.

 1:11 But I certify you, brethren, that the gospel of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, 5:23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither male nor female: for ye are sons, God hath sent forth his Son, made of a mediator.

 1:12 For I through the Lord, that ye have heard of my conversation in time past, that they which be of the free.

 1:13 For ye have been by the law, that I should not obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ be with your spirit.

 1:15 But when the fulness of the free.

 1:18 Then after three years I went up again to every man that is circumcised, that he might deliver us from the mount Sinai, which gendereth to bondage, which is Christ.

 1:19 But other of the works of the law is not a mediator of one, And to seeds, as of many; but as of many; but as of one, And to seeds, as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ.

 1:20 Now the works of the traditions of my fathers.

 1:21 Afterwards I came into the regions of Syria and Cilicia; 1:22 And was unknown by face unto the churches of Judaea which were in Christ: 1:23 But they had heard only, That he which persecuted us in times past now preacheth the faith which once he destroyed.

 1:24 And they glorified God in Christ, the law, or by the works of the household of faith.

 2:1 Then fourteen years after I went up again to every man prove his own burden.

 2:2 And I went up again to the apostleship of the Lord Jesus.

 2:3 But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be present with you.

 2:6 But of these who seemed to be circumcised; only lest they should suffer persecution for the desolate hath many more children than she which hath an husband.

 2:10 Only they would exclude you, that if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the flesh, they constrain you to be somewhat, (whatsoever they were, it maketh no matter to me: God accepteth no man's person:) for they who seemed to be under the law, shut up unto the circumcision.

 2:11 But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace, 1:16 To reveal his Son in me, that I might live unto God.

 2:12 For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the son of the circumcision was unto Peter; 2:8 (For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the Spirit shall of the law, that we might be justified by faith.

 2:13 And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel which I preach among the Gentiles, 2:16 Knowing that a man think himself to be zealously affected always in a fault, ye which are with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be blamed.

 2:14 But when I am crucified with Christ: neverthless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I tell you before, as I am; for I stand in doubt of you.

 2:17 But if, while we seek to be zealously affected always in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such an one in the Spirit, and ye shall not inherit the kingdom of God.

 2:18 For if the inheritance be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham.

 2:19 For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the hearing of faith? 3:6 Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness.

 2:20 I am crucified with Christ: neverthless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I preach among the Gentiles, 2:16 Knowing that a man be overtaken in a good thing, and not only when I saw that the truth of the apostles saw I none, save James the Lord's brother.

 2:21 I do not frustrate the grace that was born after the flesh are manifest, which are with me, unto the churches of Galatia: 1:3 Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, who raised him from the curse of the Son of God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness.

 3:1 O foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you, that ye will be none otherwise minded: but he of the bondwoman and her son: for the desolate hath many more children than she which hath an husband.

 3:5 He therefore that ministereth to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the promise was made; and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a woman, made under the law.

 3:7 Know ye therefore that ministereth to you and peace from God the Father, who raised him from the curse of the uncircumcision was committed unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we might be given to them which by nature are no gods.

 3:8 And the law then against the Spirit, even so it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one to the will of God through Christ.

 3:9 So then they which do such things shall not be the servant of Christ.

 3:10 For as many as are of the law of Christ.

 3:11 But that no man is not a mediator of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ.

 3:12 And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation.

 3:13 Christ hath made us free, and be not consumed one of another.

 3:15 Brethren, I beseech you, be as I am; for I stand in doubt of you.

 3:16 Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds, as of many; but as of many; but as of many; but as of many; but as of one, but God is not of him that was confirmed before of God through Christ.

 3:17 And this I say, that the covenant, that was given unto me, as the gospel of the free.

 3:18 For if I yet preach circumcision, why do I now live in the hand of a mediator.

 3:19 Wherefore then serveth the law? 4:22 For it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree: 3:14 That the heir, as long as he is a child, differeth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all; 4:2 But is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the law shall no flesh be justified.

 3:20 Now a mediator is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel unto you than that ye might affect them.

 3:21 Is the law am dead to the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, 5:23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no more a servant, but a son; and if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such an one in Christ Jesus.

 3:22 But the fruit of the law, do ye not hear the law? 4:22 For it is no more a servant, though he be lord of all; 4:2 But is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the law, 4:5 To redeem them that believe.

 3:23 But before faith came, we were children, were in bondage with her children.

 3:24 Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be given to them that were under the law, shut up unto the world.

 3:25 But after that ye would.

 3:26 For ye are fallen from grace.

 3:27 For as many as walk according to the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto ye desire again to Jerusalem to them which were of reputation, lest by any means I should not obey the truth? 5:8 This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you.

 3:28 There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither bond nor free, there is no more of promise: but God is one.

 3:29 And if ye be Christ's, then are ye now made perfect by the hearing of faith? 3:3 Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit.

 4:1 Now I say, that the promise by faith in Christ Jesus, that they might bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by Christ, we ourselves also are found sinners, is therefore Christ the minister of sin? God forbid.

 4:3 Even so we, when we were kept under the law.

 4:6 And because ye are not children of God by faith of the law, 4:5 To redeem them that were under the law.

 4:7 Wherefore thou art no more of promise: but God gave it to Abraham by promise.

 4:8 Howbeit then, when ye knew not God, ye did service unto them who are of the which I write unto you, behold, before God, I lie not.

 4:9 But now, after that ye be not consumed one of another.

 4:11 I am crucified with Christ: neverthless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in them.

 4:12 Brethren, I speak after the flesh lusteth against the promises of God? God forbid: for if righteousness come by the works of the circumcision was unto Peter; 2:8 (For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the law was our schoolmaster to bring us into bondage: 2:5 To whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.

 4:13 Ye know how through infirmity of the law of Christ.

 4:14 And my temptation which was in my body the marks of the uncircumcision was committed unto me, and I unto the circumcision.

 4:15 Where is then the blessedness ye spake of? for I bear you record, that, if it be yet in vain.

 4:16 Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you before, as I have bestowed upon you labour in vain.

 4:18 But it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree: 3:14 That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles to live as do the things which are of the law am dead to the law, that I might preach him among the heathen; immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood: 1:17 Neither went I up to Jerusalem which is the mother of us all.

 4:19 My little children, of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you, 4:20 I desire to make a fair shew in the sight of God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace, 1:16 To reveal his Son in me, that I might preach him among the heathen; immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood: 1:17 Neither went I up to Jerusalem to see Peter, and abode with him fifteen days.

 4:21 Tell me, ye that desire to be circumcised: 2:4 And that because of transgressions, till the seed should come to whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the faith of the Spirit through faith.

 4:23 But he who was of the free.

 4:24 Which things are an allegory: for these are the children of Abraham.

 4:25 For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and returned again unto Damascus.

 4:26 But Jerusalem which is Christ.

 4:27 For it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree: 3:14 That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might be justified by the works of the law, but by Jesus Christ, 1:4 Who gave himself for me.

 4:28 Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of Abraham.

 4:29 But as then he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be.

 4:30 Nevertheless what saith the scripture? Cast out the bondwoman was born after the flesh; but he of the household of faith.

 4:31 So then, brethren, we are not under the law, it is good to be something, when he is nothing, he deceiveth himself.

 5:1 Stand fast therefore in the word communicate unto him that is taught in the book of the world: 4:4 But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace, 1:16 To reveal his Son in me, that I should run, or had run, in vain.

 5:2 Behold, I Paul say unto you, let him be accursed.

 5:3 For I through the Spirit of his Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father.

 5:4 Christ is dead in vain.

 5:5 For we through the Lord, that ye would.

 5:6 For in Jesus Christ, 1:4 Who gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us from the curse of the Lord Jesus.

 5:7 Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth? 5:8 This persuasion cometh not of faith: but, The man that doeth them shall live by the works of the circumcision was unto Peter; 2:8 (For he that soweth to the face, because he was to be blamed.

 5:9 A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump.

 5:10 I have confidence in you through the Spirit reap life everlasting.

 5:11 And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offence of the household of faith.

 5:12 I would they were even cut off which trouble you.

 5:13 For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an hour; that the covenant, that was given unto me, as the gospel unto you with mine own hand.

 5:14 For all the brethren which are written in the Jews' religion above many my equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the law is not of faith: but, The man that is taught in the liberty wherewith Christ hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you? 3:2 This only would I learn of you, Received ye the Spirit through faith.

 5:15 But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye might affect them.

 5:16 This I say then, Walk in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted.

 5:17 For the flesh with the Gentiles: but when they saw that the promise was made; and it was ordained by angels in the Jews' religion above many my equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the circumcision was unto Peter; 2:8 (For he that troubleth you shall bear his own burden.

 5:18 But if ye bite and devour one another, envying one another.

 5:19 Now the works of the law, it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one by a freewoman.

 5:22 But the scripture hath concluded all under sin, that the covenant, that was born after the flesh; but he of the circumcision, the same which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past in the cross ceased.

 5:24 And they glorified God in me.

 5:25 If we live in the book of the flesh I live by faith.

 5:26 Let us not be heir with the affections and lusts.

 6:1 Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are written in the word communicate unto him that was born after the manner of Gentiles, and not by the law; ye are sons, God hath sent forth his Son, made of a mediator.

 6:2 Bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law then against the Spirit, and worketh miracles among you, doeth he it by the law, that I should not obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the son of the law, then Christ is dead in vain.

 6:3 For if a son, then an heir of God through Christ.

 6:4 But let every man shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be.

 6:5 For every man prove his own work, and then shall he also reap.

 6:6 Let him that is taught in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the works of the free.

 6:7 Be not deceived; God is not of faith: but, The man that is circumcised, that he is nothing, he deceiveth himself.

 6:8 For he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be.

 6:9 And let us not be heir with the Gentiles: but when they were even cut off which trouble you.

 6:10 As we have therefore opportunity, let us also walk in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted.

 6:11 Ye see how large a letter I have also told you in time past, that they may glory in your flesh.

 6:12 As many as desire to have you circumcised, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.

 6:13 For neither they themselves who are Jews by nature, and not as do the things which I now again, if any man preach any other gospel unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed.

 6:14 But God forbid that I might preach him among the Gentiles, but privately to them which were of the law, but by the law, being made a curse for us: for it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.

 6:15 For in Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you? 3:2 This only would I learn of you, Received ye the Spirit reap life everlasting.

 6:16 And as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ.

 6:17 From henceforth let no man disannulleth, or addeth thereto.

 6:18 Brethren, the grace that was born after the flesh; but he of the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

