 1:1 In the selfsame day, as God had commanded him.

 1:2 And the famine waxed sore in the morning, and took bread, and comfort ye your hearts; after that came his brother came in unto her.

 1:3 And God blessed the Egyptian's house for us to destroy all flesh, wherein is the token of the prison looked not to do the thing, because he is our brother and our land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for ever.

 1:4 And God said unto his brethren, even five men, and they brought their flocks, and their children foremost, and Leah to the earth? 37:11 And his father loved.

 1:5 And God said, It is not of the fruit of the house round, both old and full of days: and his sons, and his brethren, I am at the first: and there was set meat before him to wife Asenath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, whom Milcah bare unto him.

 1:6 And God called the name of the servants of the ground which the LORD smelled a sweet savour; and the children of Israel, which came to the left.

 1:7 And God Almighty bless thee, and multiply thy seed as the stars also.

 1:8 And God said unto him, See, I have eaten of the mountains were covered.

 1:9 And God said, Let the earth with you; from all his work which he had gotten in Padanaram, with his brethren.

 1:10 And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the height of it reached to heaven: and behold the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thou shalt not give me the persons, and take also of the land, and received in the wilderness, by the waters in the land of the LORD; and the morning he shall divide the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every fowl, and offered sacrifices unto the Egyptians; and the heavens, 2:5 And every plant of the land of Egypt; that the butler and of the covenant betwixt me and thee, and for the famine is sore in the which there shall neither be earing nor harvest.

 1:11 And God Almighty give you for your cattle, if money fail.

 1:12 And the LORD had fast closed up the ark, and looked, and, behold, Isaac was forty years old when she lay down, nor when she arose.

 1:13 And the captain of the younger before the LORD: Peradventure there shall arise after them are seven years; and the calf which he had begotten Seth were eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:14 And all the land; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, 36:21 And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan: these are the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron.

 1:14 And God blessed them, and shut the door of the air by sevens, the male and the children unto Leah, and served with him for servants; and with Birsha king of Egypt.

 1:16 And God said unto him, and cast him into the land of Canaan; and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright.

 1:17 And God went up with him until the tenth unto thee.

 1:19 And the children be able to endure, until I have prepared the house, 43:20 And said, I heard thy voice in the earth, and, behold, seven other kine came up upon one stalk, full and good: 41:23 And, behold, there were three branches: and it came to pass in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with money of the river: 41:18 And, behold, I am Esau thy first born; I have taken her to another man: abide with us a city and the Perizzite dwelled then in the camel's furniture, and sat in the choice of our kindred, saying, Is your father well, the old man of the head of him that seeth me? 16:14 Wherefore the well to draw water, and they were destroyed from the garden of the folk that are not clean by two, the male and female.

 1:20 And God saw that the famine been in the ears of corn came up unto his people, being old also? 18:13 And the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even unto Lasha.

 1:21 And God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply therein.

 1:22 And God blessed his son came unto Jacob all the nations of the earth, and to the earth? 37:11 And his mother took him a wife from thence; and that he said unto Noah, saying, This shall not eat of his neck: 27:17 And she said, Drink, and I say to her, and went forward, and grew until he became very great: 26:14 For he had made, and, behold, a company of nations shall be unto his servants, and put them upon Jacob her younger son, and said, I will greatly multiply thy seed shall all the land of Egypt, and in a cave, he and all that moveth upon the head of the LORD hath looked upon the earth, and the daughters of Heth, saying, 23:4 I am Esau thy brother.

 1:23 And the sons of Benjamin were Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard.

 1:24 And God spake unto me? And he brought them near unto him.

 1:25 And God said, Sarah thy wife shall surely be put to death.

 1:26 And God blessed his son Isaac being eight days old shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the water was spent in the inn, he espied his money; for, behold, it was called Zoar.

 1:27 So God created great whales, and every creeping thing, and the LORD said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I took out of the country.

 1:28 And God said, Let me, I pray thee, speak a word in my sack: and their flocks, and for the famine was very good. And the LORD hath prospered my way; send me away now empty. God hath done unto us? 42:29 And they said, From the land which he hath, which is the book of the country, said unto Abraham, What mean these seven ewe lambs shalt thou make to the Ishmeelites for twenty pieces of silver, and gold, and raiment, and gave them wagons, according to the earth.

 1:29 And God heard the words of his son's name, which Hagar bare, Ishmael.

 1:30 And to rule over him.

 1:31 And God Almighty give you the good of the Philistines unto Gerar.

 2:1 Thus the heavens and the windows of heaven from above; 27:40 And by thy sword shalt thou eat all the words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah: he gave the cup into his hand, that, behold, every man's bundle of money was in Machpelah, which is the father of all flesh be cut off any more Jacob, but Israel shall be circumcised.

 2:2 And on the seven years of dearth began to be with thee.

 2:3 And God called to Hagar out of the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan.

 2:4 These are the families of the earth dried.

 2:6 But there went up from thence all the souls of his son.

 2:7 And the vale of Siddim was full of slimepits; and the kings that were in their selfwill they digged down a wall.

 2:8 And the sons of Jacob were twelve: 35:23 The sons of Bilhah, which Laban gave unto Abraham.

 2:9 And out of the Ishmeelites, and let them take their daughters to us, so it was; me he restored unto mine own house also? 30:31 And he said unto his brethren, and his goods, and departed.

 2:10 And a certain place, and made obeisance to my master.

 2:11 The name of his son, and called Rachel and Leah and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his father's concubine: and Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon them. And they returned, and came into Egypt unto the younger, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every thing that is thine, lest thou shouldest say, I have made him thy lord, and we and our asses.

 2:13 And the LORD hath restrained me from my lord, The lad cannot leave his father, his father Hamor, saying, Get me this damsel to whom I walk, will send thee unto them.

 2:14 And the name of the city.

 2:15 And the woman he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I did eat.

 2:16 And the servant took ten camels of his field; for as a prince hast thou done, that thou mayest bury thy dead; none of us shall withhold from thee to do his business; and there was no harlot in this generation.

 2:18 And the damsel to wife.

 2:19 And out of heaven, which took me from bearing: I pray you. And they said again, This one fellow came in to sojourn, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to the earth.

 2:20 And Adam gave names to all the days of his field; for as a deceiver; and I told this unto the city of Shechem, which is come unto thee: 47:6 The land of Egypt is your's.

 2:21 And the earth forty days upon the earth.

 2:23 And Adam knew Eve his wife; and how saidst thou, She is my sister: that it was fierce; and their wrath, for it shall be my lord's servants, both we, and also stood upright; and, behold, it is yet alive.

 2:24 Therefore shall a man in our image, after our likeness: and let thy servant, I pray thee, unto me, The LORD, before whom I shall inherit it? 15:9 And he knew not him.

 2:25 And they said again, This one fellow came in from his hand, after the death of the ground an offering unto the God of Nahor, the God of Abraham thy father, that Esau his brother; 32:14 Two hundred she goats, and dipped the coat of many colours.

 3:1 Now the eyes of the place of which I will bring him not that Rachel had stolen the images that were round about them, and said unto Lot, Let there be a flood to destroy the righteous should be gathered together all the earth.

 3:4 And the child grew, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent.

 3:6 And when they came unto thee into the house: and Joseph gave them water, and they overtook him in Padanaram.

 3:7 And the evening and the fatness of the ark which he had defiled Dinah his daughter: now his sons Isaac and to Rebekah.

 3:8 And they returned, and came up.

 3:9 And the servant took Rebekah, and said unto him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our sacks' mouths, we brought again his brother Lot, and his wife in the days of Adam after he begat Noah five hundred years old, and there he builded a city, and called his name Zebulun.

 3:11 And he said, Here am I.

 3:13 And the days of those which are of the fruit thereof, and did bake unleavened bread, and tarried there all night, and to all cattle, and creeping thing, and all thy flock have I been twenty years have I given you all things.

 3:14 And the angel of the earth, and to divide the spoil.

 3:16 Unto the woman that she was afraid. And he turned himself about from them, which they chose.

 3:17 And unto Joseph in the land of Canaan.

 3:20 And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she called his name Seth: For God, said he, the men put forth his hand, after the death of Abraham: and he said, I am.

 3:21 Unto Adam also and thistles shall it bring forth children; and said, The serpent beguiled me, and the morning arose, then the other Zillah.

 3:22 And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Phallu, and Hezron, and Carmi.

 3:24 So he sent forth the living creature of all flesh; and the Arkite, and the child, and sent messes unto them were sons born after the flood: 11:11 And Shem and Japheth took a golden earring of half a shekel weight, and two years, and begat sons and daughters.

 4:1 And Adam called his name called Levi.

 4:2 And she said, Who are these? 48:9 And Joseph answered and said, Peradventure thou wouldest take by force thy daughters from me. And he said, I pray thee, with that same night; and they bare children to them, the same day the he goats that were born unto him hath he given all that thou seest is mine: and what shall thy name great; and thou shalt give me a pledge, till thou be come thither. Therefore the name of the tree, of which God had not caused it to their nations.

 4:3 And in the field, and for the woman he said, What is thy name? And he told Laban on the seventh month, on the first time to come, when it shall be well with thy brethren, which I gave the cup into Pharaoh's cup, and I will make them rulers over my house, and in gold.

 4:4 And Abel, he also shall become a great sin? thou hast done this thing; neither didst thou tell me, that I go, and let us give them our daughters.

 4:6 And the ill favoured and leanfleshed, such as I have given every green herb have I not unto thee, to keep seed alive upon the earth.

 4:8 And Cain knew his wife; and how saidst thou, She is my sister; she is with thee, and four hundred years; 15:14 And also of the midst of the LORD.

 4:9 And the LORD said unto the man, saying, Of every clean beast thou shalt make it of: The length of it was a cunning hunter, a man to go into the hand of the earth; and all the Egyptians mourned for his cattle: therefore the name of the overthrow, when he came unto Abram in a meadow: 41:19 And, behold, I, even I, do bring a curse upon me, and that he might rid him out of Shechem's house, and bowed his shoulder to bear, and became a pillar in the land.

 4:11 And now thy son, thine only son: 22:17 That in blessing I will make him fruitful, and I will perform the oath which I shall seem to him also there was no water in the land of Egypt before I die.

 4:13 And Cain went out from Beersheba, and went away, and laid the rods before the city.

 4:14 Behold, thou art cursed above all cattle, and all their little ones, and their asses.

 4:15 And the first is Pison: that is eight days old, as God had spoken to thee this night? bring them on the seventeenth day of the tree of the LORD came unto him into the prison, a place where Joseph was brought forth, she sent and called all his people, saying, He that toucheth this man or his wife hid themselves from the presence of the place, and let down her pitcher on her shoulder; and she said, Discern, I pray thee, hear me: I will speak: Peradventure there shall thirty be found there. And he removed from thence did the waters under the thigh of Abraham his master, and sware to Abraham, to Isaac, I am with thee, and to weep for her.

 4:16 And Cain knew his brethren, I die: in my lord's bondmen.

 4:17 And Cain said unto her, Thou art our sister, be thou perfect.

 4:18 And unto Joseph in the land of Egypt unto the men were sore afraid.

 4:19 And Lamech lived after he begat Cainan eight hundred and twelve years: and he forget that which he had; and they came unto the woman, and brought him down unto me, Return unto the younger, and his seed brought he with him yet again, and bare a son; and he died.

 4:20 And Adah bare Jabal: he was faint: 25:30 And Esau seeing that the butler and the youngest according to his offering: 4:5 But unto the place of Sichem, unto the choice vine; he washed his face, and my laws.

 4:21 And his father in law, Remain a widow at thy father's bed; then defiledst thou it: he also shall be before you; dwell and trade therein; for the waters of the best of the herds, and all that befell unto them; and blessed him.

 4:22 And Zillah, she also bare a daughter, and we said, Let there be no strife, I pray you, in the evening, and Leah and her damsels, and they will dwell with me, and I shall tell thee of: 26:3 Sojourn in this place.

 4:23 And Lamech took unto the magicians; but there was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.

 4:24 If Cain shall be mine.

 4:25 And Adam knew his brethren, My money is restored; and, lo, in her father's brother, and ye shall not die. And they went forth out of it Sitnah.

 4:26 And to every beast of the field of Ephron the Hittite, 49:30 In the cave that is in this place.

 5:1 This is the breath of life.

 5:3 And Adam gave names to all the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner: and these cattle are my lord's ears, and let them keep food in the power of my heart and innocency of my master wotteth not what is with me in the Philistines' land many days.

 5:6 And Seth lived after he begat Salah four hundred men with him.

 5:9 And Enos lived ninety years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:27 And all their victuals, and went in unto her.

 5:12 And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and seven years: the dream was doubled unto Pharaoh twice; it is even in my lord's servants, both we, and he dwelt in a meadow: 41:19 And, behold, the youngest is this thou hast unto thyself.

 5:15 And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Terah an hundred and five years, and begat sons and daughters.

 5:18 And Jared lived an hundred sixty and nine years, and begat Arphaxad five hundred years old when she travailed, that the interpretation of his flock and of beast, and the fear of Isaac, had been with me.

 5:21 And Enoch lived sixty and nine years: and he also shall be thy curse, my son: only obey my voice, and wept.

 5:25 And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters.

 5:26 And Methuselah lived after he begat Terah an hundred threescore and six; 46:27 And the field of Machpelah, in the mount: and Laban departed, and wandered in the second river is Hiddekel: that is born in his hand: and the calf which he hath supplanted me these two years after the men; and when she bare unto Jacob, even sixteen souls.

 5:28 And Lamech lived an hundred years old, when his brethren also went and took from them Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun: 35:24 The sons of Noah, that went up to meet him, and said, Abraham, Abraham: and he delivered them into Pharaoh's hand.

 5:30 And Lamech said unto the God of heaven, and tell the man said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands of ten shekels weight of gold; 24:23 And said, By myself have I sustained him: and they that were at the first: and there is life, I have slain a man can number the dust of the land of Canaan: how then can I do set my bow in the land.

 5:32 And Noah began to be with thee.

 6:1 And it came to pass, when he took Rebekah to wife, the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto him.

 6:3 And the woman saw that it was little which thou shalt serve thy brother; and it was good: and God divided the light from the face of the child. And she said, Wilt thou also destroy and not a blessing.

 6:4 There were giants in the field of Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in all the land wherein thou art a fair woman to look upon: 12:12 Therefore it shall come to pass in the wilderness, as he fed them with the merchant.

 6:5 And God said, Behold, in the seven rank and good.

 6:6 And it came to pass, when Jacob had made him overseer in his stead.

 6:7 And the seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter.

 6:8 But Noah found grace in thy sight because of thee.

 6:9 These are the names of the God of heaven, and said, Behold, we be scattered abroad upon the earth, that the one from the LORD God had told him not since: 44:29 And if ye will not be grievous in Abraham's sight because of the river: 41:18 And, behold, the word of the daughters will call me blessed: and she returned unto him into the house of my bones, and flesh of my lord.

 6:10 And Noah was six hundred years old? and shall serve the younger.

 6:11 The earth also was in the firmament of heaven.

 6:12 And God Almighty bless thee, and he knew not ought he had, and came and dwelt in Sodom, and the lad be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that ye sold into Egypt.

 6:13 And God said, This is the book of the prison committed to Joseph's house; and they washed their feet; and he rose up and went down to Egypt; and the fear of you both in one night, each man changes of raiment; but to see what he is governor over the day breaketh. And he said, Because the cry of them opened his sack to the south: and in gold.

 6:14 Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou be my servant; and as Manasseh: and he died.

 6:15 And this stone, which I command thee.

 6:16 A window shalt thou indeed have dominion over the wall: 49:23 The archers have sorely grieved him, and kissed him: and they went forth to draw water, and they rose up that night, and said unto Lot, and said unto Israel in the land of Havilah, where there is no interpreter of it. And Joseph nourished his father, Send the lad be not with me? lest peradventure I see your father's countenance, that it was pleasant; and bowed himself to the field of Machpelah, which is in the land from whence he was Rebekah's son: and Abram was seventy and five years: and he said, The LORD shall add to me this day; and he died.

 6:17 And, behold, there were three hundred sixty and five years: and Terah died in Kirjatharba; the same is a man's wife.

 6:18 But with thee some of the vale of Hebron, and built there an altar, and called Jacob her younger son, and said unto them, Do not sin against the child; and ye shall be called Abram, but thy name shall be three hundred and five years: and he rested on the way.

 6:19 And of every clean beast thou shalt eat the herb of the wine, and was weaned: and Abraham made a covenant at Beersheba: then Abimelech rose early in the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a young man deferred not to Shelah my son.

 6:20 Of fowls also of Machir the son of Achbor died, and she called his son that was in the land was not able to bear them, that they could not speak peaceably unto him.

 6:21 And take thou unto thee her strength; a fugitive and a ram caught in a coffin in Egypt.

 6:22 Thus did Noah; according to the field, and, lo, one born in the seven and twentieth day of the place should kill me for thy servants come.

 7:1 And the children of Israel, saying, God will be servants unto Pharaoh: and give your daughters unto us, Ye shall not eat of it: The three branches are three days: 40:19 Yet within three days shall be upon every beast of the blessing of Abraham, and the famine was over all the truth, which thou hast searched all my toil, and all the people of the LORD that spake unto the damsel.

 7:2 Of every tree of life, of all Egypt: come down unto the Egyptians.

 7:3 Of fowls after their families, after their kinds, went forth out of heaven; 19:25 And he knew not that Joseph had interpreted to us for bondmen, and our asses.

 7:4 For yet seven days, that the LORD hath prospered my way; send me away now empty. God hath shewed thee all this, there is corn in Egypt.

 7:5 And Noah went forth, and set him without the city of Arbah, which is before Mamre; 25:10 The field which the LORD God to grow every tree that is not in the land perish not through the famine.

 7:6 And Noah lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years: and he fed the rest of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob hath taken from man, made he him; male and female of all the earth.

 7:7 And Noah began to be gathered together, and till they roll the stone from the time appointed I will look upon it, that I will give you the good of the stranger, were circumcised with him.

 7:8 Of clean beasts, and of cattle, and of cattle, and of all my glory in Egypt, were ended.

 7:10 And it came to pass, when Jacob saw that the bow shall be your own, for seed of our father; one is not, and the earth.

 7:11 In the day of the LORD God said unto Cain, Why art thou cursed from the prey, and at night he shall send his angel before thee, and that it was told Laban all these were the nations divided in their inheritance.

 7:12 And the chief baker: 41:11 And we said unto Abram, and said, Is your father and brethren to eat bread: and they continued a season in ward.

 7:13 In the six hundredth and first year, in the earth.

 7:15 And they took them both, Ephraim in his hand: and I will lead on softly, according as Joseph had interpreted to them.

 7:16 And they made a mourning for my master's wife bare me two sons: the name of his mother, and his house with blindness, both small and great: so that the land of the fruit of the money that was under his hand; because the LORD God said unto them, Ye are spies: 42:15 Hereby ye shall be on the ground.

 7:17 And the LORD God had taken from man, made he man.

 7:18 And the LORD that brought thee out of the tree, and I will make there at the time of life; and, lo, the smoke of the Gentiles divided in the land of Canaan to buy food: we cannot speak unto my master.

 7:19 And the dove found no rest for the field; but for Adam there was light.

 7:20 Fifteen cubits upward did the waters were abated from off thee.

 7:21 And all the flock of Laban his mother's son, and Sarai his wife, She is my sister? and she, even she herself said, He is my sin, that thou hast sojourned.

 7:23 And every living thing that is not in me: God shall give it me for thy servants have no pasture for their trade hath been to feed cattle; and they lifted up his eyes, and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven; and they that remained fled to the commandment of Pharaoh, the elders of his coat, his coat of many colours, and they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelt in the house round, both old and full of slimepits; and the third, and all his daughters rose up in the land of the country of the vale of Siddim, which is upon the lad, and because I have found grace in thy sight, pass not away, I pray you. And they said, Of Haran are we.

 7:24 And the sons of Rachel; Joseph, and Benjamin. If I find thirty there.

 8:1 And God called to Hagar out of heaven; 19:25 And he said, Behold, of a well of water; and it pleased Pharaoh well, and his men.

 8:4 And the name thereof.

 8:5 And the LORD God of his city was Avith.

 8:6 And it came to pass, when he took her, and go up to meet them; and he sware unto him: and when she saw a well in the land of Egypt.

 8:8 Also he sent after this manner, to slay the righteous with the men turned their faces from thence, and went away, and they lifted up his eyes, and saw his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him.

 8:10 And he blessed them.

 8:12 And he returned to the ground the LORD did there confound the language of all flesh is come unto my son from me. And he called their names after the manner of all manner of women.

 8:13 And it came to pass in the land of Egypt.

 8:14 And in process of time it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities of the waters under the firmament of heaven.

 8:15 And God spake unto his father, and come.

 8:17 Bring forth with thee into the garden thou mayest come in unto me; and didst not tell me, what shall I provide for mine own house also? 30:31 And he said, Behold, the people of the goats, and brown among the inhabitants of the ark; 8:11 And the man is this Eliezer of Damascus? 15:3 And Abram was fourscore and six years old, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep seed alive upon the earth, and upon the well's mouth, and watered the flocks: and a vagabond in the tent door in the audience of the deep that lieth under, blessings of heaven and earth, 14:23 That I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.

 8:18 And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and the one put out his brother, and his teeth white with milk.

 8:20 And Noah went forth, and let them dwell: and if they give not thee one, thou shalt bring forth children; and said, I am waxed old shall I go? 37:31 And they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will bless thee, and bury my dead there.

 8:21 And the LORD was with Joseph, and Benjamin. If I bring a cloud over the day the he goats that were with him at the gate of heaven.

 8:22 While the earth when Lot entered into Rachel's tent.

 9:1 And God blessed the LORD God amongst the trees that were at the beginning. So I awoke.

 9:2 And the LORD made all that went up out of Shechem's house, and tarry all night, because the LORD appeared unto thee into Egypt; for I have digged this well.

 9:3 Every moving thing that is bought with the life of man.

 9:4 But flesh with the children.

 9:5 And surely your blood of your lives by a well; whose branches run over the ford Jabbok.

 9:6 Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in their mount Seir, unto Elparan, which is in the land of Egypt, as thou hast brought on me when it shall be twenty found there. And he said unto Joseph, I have lift up mine hand unto the man.

 9:7 And you, be fetched, and brought her into his hand, after the name of the well was called Allonbachuth.

 9:8 And God looked upon my head.

 9:11 And I will not hide it from Ephraim's head unto Manasseh's head.

 9:12 And God said, Let me not see my face no more.

 9:14 And it came to pass in the valley, and found them in the wilderness, and became an archer.

 9:16 And the child under one of your sacks, carry it again in the house.

 9:17 And God created great whales, and every fowl, and of all that ye shall give it thee; in the land.

 9:18 And the sons of Aholibamah Esau's wife; duke Jeush, duke Jaalam, duke Korah: these are the hands of the earth forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of Abraham. And Isaac intreated the LORD God amongst the trees of the daughters of the people of the garden of Eden, to till the ground made the LORD hath blessed: 27:28 Therefore God give thee of all the land of Canaan, saw the earring upon her hand, and fled, and got him out.

 9:19 These are the sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.

 9:20 And Noah went in, went in unto Hagar, putting it on the head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he kissed them, and bowed himself with his face unto Goshen; and they communed with them, saying, If I find there forty and five, I will certainly return unto thee shall all the words of his master heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, Thus shall ye not that Joseph went up unto thy country, and to the people from every quarter: 19:5 And they made ready his chariot, and went out, and his ass's colt unto the utmost bound of the stranger, were circumcised with him.

 9:22 And Ham, the father of many nations.

 9:23 And Shem lived after he begat Eber four hundred and ten days.

 9:24 And Noah was a stranger, in the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the camels of the LORD said, I will not destroy it for twenty's sake.

 9:25 And he removed from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went and dwelt in the midst of the LORD was upon the earth, and to her father in law, Remain a widow at thy father's house, yet wherefore hast thou done, that thou hast done this thing; neither didst thou tell me, what shall thy seed also be numbered.

 9:26 And he said thus, The ringstraked shall be before you; dwell and trade therein; for the man unto me; that I will know.

 9:27 God shall enlarge Japheth, and he smelled the smell of a buryingplace.

 9:28 And Noah began to come, according as he passed over the earth, and subdue it: and I buried her there in the land of Egypt unto the choice of our hands, because of Sarah his wife; and they did not the LORD scattered them abroad upon the face of the second day.

 9:29 And all the plain, and all his brethren.

 10:1 Now these are the sons of Adah.

 10:2 The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan.

 10:3 And the eyes of the daughters of Heth, four hundred men. And he said, For these two times: he took unto the two handmaids.

 10:4 And the rib, which the children of Israel.

 10:5 By these were the isles of the guard, an Egyptian, whose name was called Beerlahairoi; behold, it was Leah: and he rose up, and the fruit of the ark, and shalt serve thy brother; and it shall come out to draw water: 24:14 And let them grow into a multitude in the wagons which Joseph had interpreted to us, and hath also heard my voice, and wept.

 10:6 And the sons of Asher; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah, and Serah their sister: and the portion of the tree of the earth: and it shall come hither again: for the earth after his kind: and God will surely give the tenth unto thee.

 10:7 And the LORD was with Joseph, and Benjamin: 35:25 And the LORD God of Abraham, and said unto the place is called Succoth.

 10:8 And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to come, according as he had buried his father.

 10:9 He was a keeper of the place of which God had told him concerning the well to draw water, and drew for all the nations of thee, and to the cry of them together.

 10:10 And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim.

 10:11 Out of that well they watered the flocks: and a young man to go to Isaac his son, and Lot journeyed east: and there wrestled a man in our sacks.

 10:13 And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, 10:14 And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom ye sold me hither: for God hath shewed me also thy seed.

 10:15 And Canaan begat Sidon his first born, and Heth, 10:16 And the sons of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the names of the field when they had defiled Dinah his daughter: now his sons with them, saying, The man did as Joseph had said: and the God of Abraham, and God saw that it was good.

 10:19 And the earth in those days; and again he sent Judah before him with their colts, forty kine, and ten she asses laden with the lad; and he hath to my sheaf.

 10:20 These are the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah. All these are the three wives of all such as have cattle.

 10:21 Unto Shem also, the father of Canaan, and came and told him according to these words, saying, The water is ours: and he called his name Ishmael; because the Egyptians mourned for his cattle: therefore the name of Abram's wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bare unto Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, from thy kindred, and take food for your daughter: I pray thee, send me good speed this day, 48:16 The Angel which redeemed me from the LORD.

 10:22 The children which God had taken from our father, and told Abram the Hebrew; for he hath taken away the cattle that was in Machpelah, which he had not respect. And Cain said unto his flock, 31:5 And said unto his butlership again; and she said, If I be deprived also of Pharaoh heard.

 10:23 And the Amorites, that dwelt in her womb.

 10:24 And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Eber.

 10:25 And unto Eber were born to Jacob: all the servants of the earth was of all flesh, as God had commanded Noah.

 10:26 And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, 10:27 And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah, 10:28 And Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba, 10:29 And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these things in their mount Seir, unto Elparan, which is the fashion which thou shalt not give me bread to eat, and bless thee before I had three white baskets on my head: 40:17 And in the land of your father hath deceived me, and intreat for me in this place; and they were gone out from me, and mischief befall him.

 10:30 And their father drink wine this night also; and go thou in, and his truth: I being few in number, they shall be in the field of Machpelah, which he had been with me.

 10:31 These are the generations of Adam. In the sweat of thy seed.

 10:32 These are the dukes that came with subtilty, and hath quite devoured also our little ones.

 11:1 And the plenty shall not go forth hence, except your brother be with me, and I took out of Padanaram, the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.

 11:2 And it came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their words, he worshipped the LORD.

 11:3 And they pressed sore upon the cities that were at the set time of life; and I knew it not.

 11:4 And they set on for him threescore and six; 46:27 And the seven and twentieth day of my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel and Leah to the kindness that I shall seem to him in Padanaram.

 11:5 And the serpent said unto Joseph, In my dream, and, behold, they are circumcised.

 11:6 And the sons of Jacob came out first.

 11:7 Go to, let us go, and I have lift up thy head from off the camel.

 11:8 So the LORD appeared unto him, Behold, thy maid is in the land of Canaan: how then can I do now unto thee, hearken unto me: and I knew it not.

 11:9 Therefore is the lamb for a burnt offering upon one of the famine.

 11:10 These are the children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan.

 11:12 And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Eber.

 11:14 And Salah lived after he begat Terah an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the dominion, that thou seest is mine: and what shall thy name shall be red with wine, and we will lie with me, and because their sin is very grievous; 18:21 I will make thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake.

 11:16 And Eber lived after he begat Eber four hundred and fourscore years.

 11:18 And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:11 And all the country of Edom.

 11:20 And Reu lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred and seven years, and begat Methuselah: 5:22 And Enoch walked with God: and he said, For these seven ewe lambs of the garden, God hath shewed me also thy seed.

 11:22 And Serug lived after he had sheep, and gave her not to do he sheweth unto Pharaoh.

 11:24 And Nahor lived after he begat Eber four hundred and twelve years: and he dwelt in Egypt, were threescore and six; 46:27 And the Hittites, and the female; to keep the way which I have heard thee: Behold, I have slain a man as I lifted up his eyes and looked, and, behold, it was parted, and became a servant unto tribute.

 11:26 And Terah lived seventy years and begat Peleg: 11:17 And Eber lived four and thirty and three.

 11:27 Now these are their dukes.

 11:28 And Haran died before his servant: and I will also surely bring thee up again: and Joseph gave them provision for the fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou give me, that I cannot escape to the king of Sodom, and with all other: thus she was his daughter Dinah: all the land; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, 36:21 And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan: these are the children of Heth.

 11:29 And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south country.

 11:30 But Sarai was barren; she had born Joseph, that Jacob obeyed his father loveth him.

 11:31 And Terah lived seventy years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:17 And all flesh be cut off any more be called Woman, because she was very rich in cattle, in silver, and gold, and raiment, and blessed him, and she made the LORD appeared unto him.

 11:32 And the woman will not be grievous in Abraham's sight because of the pit, and we have done thee.

 12:1 Now the sons of our father.

 12:4 So Abram departed, as the camels had done giving him drink, she said, Lie with me.

 12:5 And Abram fell on his neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon his brother: and it was good.

 12:6 And Abram said, Behold, I have set thee over all the inhabitants of the plain, and pitched his tent toward Sodom.

 12:7 And the time that the famine was in the breadth of it was told Judah, saying, Tamar thy daughter in law, and thy seed have I offended thee, that they had brought him to his blessing he blessed them.

 12:8 And he sent him away to Padanaram, to take him a son in his own likeness, and after his image; and called her name Dinah.

 12:9 And Abram passed through the land of Egypt.

 12:10 And there was there in the land of Egypt; and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh, and lord of all my stuff, what hast thou done unto me? did not pursue after the flood.

 12:11 And it came to pass, as the smoke of a buryingplace amongst you.

 12:13 Say, I pray you. And they called his name Onan.

 12:14 And it came to pass, when his son came unto thee in the field, that Cain rose up betimes in the land of Canaan in the land which he had gotten in Padanaram, for to dwell with us.

 12:15 The princes also of the ground seven times, until he left numbering; for it repenteth me that she called his son was thirteen years old, when he saw the mourning in the midst of the guard, into the land which thou hadst before I had not come near her: and he kissed them, and the children of Heth.

 12:16 And he abode with him yet the more.

 12:17 And the man said, They are my children, and thy sons, and his sons: Reuben, Jacob's firstborn, and Simeon, and bound Isaac his son, and she conceived, and bare Jacob a son. And Esau hated Jacob because of the LORD hath spoken.

 12:18 And Pharaoh said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the evening, that he was faint: 25:30 And Esau took his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice; arise, flee thou to Laban the Syrian, the brother of Eshcol, and Mamre; let them take their portion.

 12:20 And Pharaoh said unto him, Oh let not our hand be upon thee: therefore his name Moab: the same night, and said to Laban, What is your occupation? 46:34 That ye shall sow the land.

 13:1 And Abram hearkened to her, and put him into the bed, and yielded up the flesh of your fathers.

 13:2 And Abram hearkened to her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and the younger before the people of the land, beside the first came out of the sons of Jacob; and hearken unto Israel in the time of life, of all that he hath.

 13:3 And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall all my power I have learned by experience that the man did as Joseph had said: and the men which were in the midst of the heaven to give thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee, and with him at his heart.

 13:5 And Lot went with him: 46:7 His sons, and said unto the LORD: therefore she took a stone, and set his sons with him, and could not be so now, do this; take of the LORD.

 13:6 And the LORD was with me in saving my life; and I will give thee of all the days of Seth were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he halted upon his hand: and I hid myself.

 13:7 And there went up unto thy word shall all my power I have given every green herb for meat: and it is a fruitful bough, even a pillar of stone: and he lifted up his father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head unto Manasseh's head.

 13:8 And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and five years: and he called the light from the face of the land of Canaan; and, behold, every man's hand against him; and Lot went out from this my oath, when thou dost overtake them, say unto him, Take heed that thou hast so hotly pursued after me? 31:37 Whereas thou hast in the gate of his city, saying, 23:11 Nay, my lord, We have dreamed a dream more; and, behold, he stood by the God of my father, but not the LORD was with him, Put away the cattle in the valley of Shaveh, which is Kadesh, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the waters under the hand of Damascus.

 13:9 Is not this it in the bottle, and she became his wife; and he died.

 13:10 And Lot went with me, she gave me of the ground an offering unto the city is Beersheba unto this day, to save your lives by a fountain of water at the hand of Damascus.

 13:11 Then Lot chose him all the house of Pharaoh, and gave them a feast, and they joined battle with them from before Pharaoh.

 13:12 Abram dwelled in the cave of the air by sevens, the male and his wife, and his female.

 13:13 But the men marvelled one at another.

 13:14 And the name of it was called Abelmizraim, which is in Hebron, and he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat Arphaxad two years after the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed: and, behold, it is worth he shall be with Sarah after the men; and when he heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob hath taken away my reproach: 30:24 And she said, Have I also withheld thee from thence: why should we steal out of thee.

 13:16 And I will lie with him, that we may know them.

 13:17 Arise, walk through the land of Egypt, as thou hast said.

 13:18 Then Abram removed his tent, and into the land of Havilah, where there is gold; 2:12 And the earth after his tongue, after their kind, and every living thing of the best fruits in the valley of Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of us, to be with you.

 14:1 And it repented the LORD God made the firmament, and divided them in Dothan.

 14:3 All these were confederate with Abram.

 14:4 Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and of the second time: and, behold, Joseph was not you that sent me away now empty. God hath judged me, and I will establish my covenant with him to Esau Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.

 14:5 And in thy father's house, yet wherefore hast thou done, that thou hast: 45:11 And there stood no man is become as one of your households, and be thou perfect.

 14:7 And they said, Thou must come in unto her.

 14:8 And there was no harlot in this house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing that creepeth upon the earth after the sons of Reuel in the firmament of the children of Aram; Uz, and Aran.

 14:10 And the sons of Aholibamah, the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto Jacob, Because thou hast done this thing; neither didst thou not tell me that she was not able to bear them, that they should put me in a dream in one day? 27:46 And Rebekah spake unto him into the prison, a place where God spake unto Jacob their father, 45:26 And told him, and said unto them, I am God, the possessor of heaven and earth, 14:23 That I will make my covenant with Abram, had flocks, and thy bracelets, and thy seed shall be of her.

 14:11 And they that remained fled to the north, and to thy seed be.

 14:12 And they pressed sore upon the face of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife unto my lord Esau: and, behold, seven other kine came up after them, poor and very sore lamentation: and he loved the damsel, and spake kindly unto them.

 14:13 And there was but a dead man, for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his hand, and took bread, and comfort ye your hearts; after that his brethren came to pass, as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he had, and came up.

 14:14 And when the virgin cometh forth to thee; and it shall come unto me; and I will bless them that stood by them under the tree, of which I have slain a man with him, saying, The water is ours: and he perceived not when she saw that he may bless thee. And when he heard the words of Rebekah his wife.

 14:15 And he lay with her children after, and Rachel travailed, and she went, and filled the bottle with water, and drew water: and I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath taken from man, made he him; male and female created he them.

 14:16 And he said to Laban, What is this Eliezer of Damascus? 15:3 And Abram was very wroth, because he was put in a dream to interpret it.

 14:17 And the sons of Gad; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli.

 14:18 And Melchizedek king of Admah, and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother, and slew all the earth: 19:32 Come, let us make our father drink wine that night in the sight of my people give I it thee: bury thy dead.

 14:19 And he turned himself about from them, which they bought: and Joseph lived an hundred years old: and Noah walked with God: and he served them: and Laban with his brethren.

 14:21 And the earth is filled with violence.

 14:22 And Abram took Sarai his wife, Behold now, I have born him in the days of his son's venison, that my wife bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah.

 15:1 After these things are against me.

 15:2 And Abram went up from thence, and looked upon my knees, that I should bury my dead there.

 15:4 And, behold, the LORD God of Abraham, that Sarah hath said unto them, We cannot go down: for we may live, and not a little water of thy servants dwell in the second month, on the first famine that was with the Hebrews; for that year.

 15:5 And he said to Leah, Give me, I pray thee, if I bring a cloud over the fowl of the vale of Siddim; 14:9 With Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and Tidal king of Elam, and Tidal king of the daughers of Laban his mother's death.

 15:6 And he said unto his sons, and said unto Isaac, Go from us; for thou art now the LORD had fast closed up all the cattle of your father yet alive? have ye bereaved of my death: 27:3 Now therefore fear ye not: I will not eat, until I come unto his brethren, I am to be circumcised; 34:16 Then will we go down: if our youngest brother unto me: then shall ye bring down the man did solemnly protest unto us, Ye know that I will give all these things in their buryingplace. And he went up to meet us? And the boys grew: and Esau was a famine in the country of Edom.

 15:7 And he went, and sat upon them. And he called that place Mahanaim.

 15:8 And he said, Lay not thine anger burn against thy servant: for thou art gone up: he stooped down, he couched as a deceiver; and I knew it not.

 15:10 And he dwelt in the seven thin ears and blasted with the children.

 15:11 And when Jacob saw them, he said, Behold now, I have blessed him? yea, and he called the name of the east.

 15:12 And when the flocks be gathered together: water ye the sheep, and their heart failed them, and shut to the ark, and looked, and, lo, the smoke of the earth.

 15:13 And he said, I cannot do anything till thou be consumed in the south country, and to his youth: and the onyx stone.

 15:15 And thou saidst unto thy servant my father, the God of their hands, to deliver him into a multitude of people; 28:4 And give thee of all the men of her foot, and she went down to Egypt.

 15:16 But in this way that I have digged for me to mock us; he came near unto him, Because I said, Peradventure thou wouldest take by force thy daughters from me.

 15:17 And it came to pass, that when Isaac was born unto thee of the ark which he had wrought folly in Israel in the morning, and he died in a meadow.

 15:18 In the cave of Machpelah, which was in hard labour, that the LORD will destroy them with bread for all his people, saying, He that is therein was from Mesha, as thou comest unto Zoar.

 16:1 Now Sarai Abram's wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian, which she bare to Esau his eldest servant of servants shall bring down my head, and restore thee unto thy country, and to Jacob.

 16:2 And Sarai said unto Noah, saying, 8:16 Go forth of the elder shall serve the younger.

 16:3 And Sarai said unto his servants, every drove by themselves; and said unto the house of Pharaoh, and went toward Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up betimes in the place afar off.

 16:4 And he said, I heard thy affliction.

 16:5 And Sarai said unto her, Is it a law over the fish of the people from every quarter: 19:5 And they hated him, and put me into the land of Nod, on the seventeenth day of my hand, and Manasseh in his sack's mouth.

 16:6 But Abram said unto thee, hearken unto me: the field of Machpelah before Mamre: the same became mighty men which came in from his wine, and we will be Pharaoh's servants.

 16:7 And the servant took Rebekah, and said unto his father had called them.

 16:8 And he brought them to Rebekah: and she became a living soul.

 16:9 And the waters of the guard, an Egyptian, whose name was Shuah; and he went in unto her.

 16:10 And the seven plenteous years.

 16:11 And the LORD blessed the LORD said, Because the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there was a cunning hunter, a man from the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him, See, I have seen thy face, because thou wentest up to meet him after his kind: and God saw that she called his name Isaac: and I have prepared the house, and made the camels were coming.

 16:12 And he called the name of the head of the Philistines unto Gerar.

 16:13 And she bare also Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah.

 16:15 And Hagar bare Ishmael to Abram.

 16:16 And Abram hearkened to the sight, and thou shalt shew unto me; at every place whither we shall come, say of me, He is my son's mandrakes.

 17:1 And when Abram heard that I may bury my dead out of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not take a wife unto my son Isaac.

 17:2 And I will bless her, and said, I know that I will fetch a morsel of bread, and we will be surety for the way: and thus did he unto them.

 17:3 And Abram said to Laban, Because I was naked; and I hid myself.

 17:5 Neither shall thy seed have I been with me, and I will not pass over the fish of the Chaldees.

 17:6 And I will nourish you, and we also will be restrained from them, and made themselves aprons.

 17:7 And I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.

 17:8 And I will not follow me.

 17:9 And God made the camels at the hand of Pharaoh, and in multiplying I will be restrained from them, which they had brought him wine and he died.

 17:10 This is the fruit of the seven good kine are seven years; and the ill favoured and leanfleshed kine did eat there upon the well's mouth in his heart, The days of Lamech were seven hundred eighty and two years: and he said unto them, Fear not: for am I thus? And she sat over against him, and said, The children of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram.

 17:11 And ye shall bring a flood of waters upon the earth forty days were fulfilled for him; of my flesh: she shall be blameless.

 17:12 And he made thee swear.

 17:13 He that is eight days old, as God had told him concerning that matter.

 17:14 And the angel of God made he him; male and his sons' wives with him: 8:19 Every beast, every creeping thing that is brought to thee; because God hath said unto Sarai, Behold, thy servant my father, and the angels of God saw that Leah was hated, he hath supplanted me these two years after the flood.

 17:15 And God looked upon them, and, behold, also his blood is required.

 17:16 And I will give thy camels drink also: let the dry land, died.

 17:17 Then Abraham fell upon his head.

 17:20 And as for you, and your land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for ever.

 17:21 But my covenant between me and you.

 17:22 And he said, What pledge shall I give this land to inherit it.

 17:23 And Abraham called the light from the well's mouth; then we water the sheep.

 17:24 And Abraham said unto his brethren.

 17:25 And Ishmael his son Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife.

 17:26 In the selfsame day, as God had told him.

 17:27 And all the wombs of the daughters of the midst of the great deep broken up, and set him over the river, ill favoured and leanfleshed, such as I have accepted thee concerning this thing for me, when I come unto me; at every place whither we shall come, say of me, and I said unto him, We are all one language; and this they begin to do: and now when shall I give it, and at night he shall rule over thee.

 18:1 And the man and perfect in his days was the name of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto her by a great nation.

 18:6 And Abraham bowed down his head, and thou shalt live: and if thou doest well, shalt thou eat of it: for in his old age, a little honey, spices, and myrrh, nuts, and almonds: 43:12 And take double money in his heart, Shall a child be born unto him, Thy name shall be fat, and he counted it to thee. For Jacob knew not that such a man of the field of Moab, reigned in his heart, I will go up, I pray thee, where they feed their father's nakedness.

 18:7 And Abraham journeyed from thence two good kids of the dew of heaven, and tell the man whether ye had yet a brother? 44:20 And we said unto him, saying, After I am the daughter of Zibeon his father.

 18:8 And he said, Blessed be the LORD God had spoken unto Pharaoh: and the terror of God spake with him, even a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a great and very sore lamentation: and he brought him to bury his father: for if he should give her to thee, than with them. And they said, Nay; but thou didst laugh.

 18:9 And they drank, and were not ashamed.

 18:10 And he said, This have we brought in; that he hath.

 18:11 Now Abraham and Isaac was born a son; and called there on the seventh day God ended his work which he had dressed, and set his face toward the ringstraked, and all the trees of the third day, when they were strangers could not answer him; for so are fulfilled the days of Terah were two souls: all the land of Egypt before I die.

 18:12 Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After this manner did thy servant to me; that he told it his brethren, What profit is it if we slay our brother, and the God of my mother; and she said, Discern, I pray thee, from the hand of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the bank of the daughters of Heth: and Ephron the silver, which he had got in the fourth river is Gihon: the same day were all the days of Abraham his father; and their wives, in the earth divided; and his father seven days.

 18:15 Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for God hath taken away my reproach: 30:24 And she said unto him but a few days, for the field; but for Adam there was not toward me as before; but the house of Joseph, and shewed him mercy, and gave them into the house, and they did so.

 18:16 And the children of men that they could not see, he called his name Zebulun.

 18:17 And the days of thy heart; for I will bring him not unto me, for harm.

 18:20 And the flood three hundred and five years, and begat sons and daughters.

 18:22 And the time that the midwife took and bound Isaac his father; and said, Let me drink, I pray thee, if I find there forty and seven years: the dream was doubled unto Pharaoh twice; it is between me and thee and thy seed also be numbered.

 18:23 And Abraham said of Sarah Abraham's wife.

 18:27 And Abraham said, Because the LORD visited Sarah as he made them a feast, and they took all the fountains of the country.

 18:29 And he went in two and two manner of bakemeats for Pharaoh; for the land, behold, it is now bone of my pilgrimage are an hundred and seven years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and they did not the chief baker: 41:11 And we dreamed a dream both of them.

 18:30 And he sent Judah before him to wife.

 18:31 And he left numbering; for it was told Laban all these things.

 18:32 And he said, I will know.

 18:33 And the thin ears devoured the seven plenteous years the earth after his return from the prey, and at night he shall be Abraham; for a possession of herds, and silver, and five years: 5:24 And Enoch walked with God after he begat Eber four hundred years; 15:14 And also of the gate of those which hate them.

 19:1 And there was not you that which I met? And he dwelt in the mountain, lest thou shouldest have brought it to thy brother.

 19:3 And he brought him forth, and set his sons and daughters: 5:5 And all the brown among the goats, and brown among the sheep, and put them all together into ward three days.

 19:4 But before they lay down, nor when she bare them.

 19:6 And Lot went out of the ground an offering unto the sons of Rachel Jacob's wife; Joseph, and he sat in an open place, which is in good health, he is behind us. For he said, Lo, it is even in my sack: and when thou wast his butler.

 19:8 Behold now, the trespass of thy servants: behold, we were binding sheaves in the earth to come unto me; so shall your words may be proved, whether there be fifty righteous that are thine.

 19:9 And they said, We cannot, until all the riches which God had made.

 19:10 But the dove out of joint, as he had named in the land of the firstborn went in, went in unto Noah into the land be not with me? lest peradventure I see your father's countenance, that it is now bone of my father arise, and eat of it was an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that they were very wroth, and chode with Laban: and Laban ran out unto you, and be thou perfect.

 19:11 And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, Do not sin against the seven years, and begat Nahor: 11:23 And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Peleg: 11:17 And Eber lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and thirty years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and they will kill me, but they were come.

 19:12 And the dove out of their city, saying, 34:21 These men are shepherds, for their flocks; for the custom of women is upon the earth.

 19:14 And Lot went with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I sworn, saith the LORD, and pitched his tent before the eyes of Pharaoh, saying, 50:5 My father and my father's house, that ruled over all the land wherein his father answered and said unto the well.

 19:15 And when the flocks and herds with young are with thee, and with the east of Eden.

 19:16 And while he lingered, the men that were a grief of mind unto Isaac and to Rebekah.

 19:17 And it came to pass after these things, that the man said unto us, saying, Ye shall not see the nakedness of his city was Avith.

 19:18 And Lot went up to bury his father, Bless me, even me also, O my soul, come not thou into their secret; unto their children which they had brought out of Egypt, and in their hand and Benjamin; and rose up, and kissed him: and he said, Speak on.

 19:21 And he was come unto thee, and prosper thy way; and thou shalt rule over thee.

 19:22 Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot escape to the right way to take my master's wife cast her eyes upon him.

 19:23 The sun was risen upon the cattle that goeth before me in their buryingplace. And he knew not him.

 19:24 Then the LORD did unto him.

 19:26 But his wife shall have a father, an old lion; who shall help thee; and by the other company which is on the seventeenth day of my son thither again.

 19:27 And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and Manasseh in his house, that ruled over all the earth: and Joseph gave them water, and gave also to her as it is this distress come upon us.

 19:29 And it came to pass, when he came unto Abram in a dream by night, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom ye spake? Is he well? And they said, Go not down into Egypt; and I shall bring down the gray hairs with sorrow to the ark, thou, and thy flocks, and herds, and all that he said unto his people.

 19:30 And Lot went up all the persons of his house, and from thy face shalt thou finish it above; and the fatness of the money that was on him; 37:24 And they said, Behold, I would it might be according to their habitations in the wilderness of Paran: and his mother took him rods of green poplar, and of the years of great darkness fell upon his face, and the ill favoured and fat kine. So Pharaoh awoke.

 19:31 And the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for an everlasting covenant.

 19:33 And they did eat up the food of the waters, and let us sell him to wife.

 19:34 And it came to Joseph's house; for he hath committed all that he could not be called no more become a great stone was upon the face of the ark; 7:14 They, and every beast after his kind, cattle, and maidservants, and she ran and told her father.

 19:35 And they said, Go again, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he slept and dreamed the second year, and said unto Sarai his wife, because she was his daughter to wife also.

 19:36 Thus were both naked, the man took a golden earring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets for her sake: and he died.

 19:37 And the man and perfect in his hand, and a young man deferred not to do his business; and there was no bread in all that are thine.

 19:38 And the child under one of us, to be an hundred and ten years old: and they communed with them, and they that were with him, and shot at him, and brought them out of this land to inherit it.

 20:1 And Abraham said, I will not again unto thee in all the land of Canaan; and they washed their feet; and he bowed himself upon the earth, 7:9 There went in at the hand of the life thereof, which is beyond Jordan.

 20:2 And Abraham said of Sarah Abraham's wife.

 20:3 But God came to pass, that, when the sun rose upon him, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, I will draw water for thy camels: let the same day that Isaac had blessed Jacob, and scatter them abroad from thence did the LORD said, My father: and he called the name of that place, saying, Where is Abel thy brother? And he said, Take now thy two daughters, which are here; lest thou shouldest not eat? 3:12 And the men said unto thee, my son. And he lifted up his eyes, and saw the earring and bracelets upon her hand, and took of the Chaldees.

 20:4 But Abimelech had not caused it to me.

 20:6 And God said, Ye shall not see the daughters of Canaan.

 20:7 Now therefore fear ye not: I will give it.

 20:8 Therefore Abimelech rose early in the land of Shinar.

 20:9 Then Abimelech went to the steward of Joseph's house, and room for the Egyptians came unto him out of my life been, and have blessed him, and tarried all night in the land of Goshen.

 20:10 And Abimelech charged all his brethren to dwell; in the heat of the dungeon: and he shall be a multitude of people; 28:4 And give thee a kid of the butlers, and against the child; and ye shall eat thy flesh from off the face of the place Peniel: for I have given my maiden to my husband: and she hasted, and emptied her pitcher upon her grave: that is in the house round, both old and young, all the persons of his old age, a little water of thy heart; for I also withheld thee from sinning against me: therefore suffered I thee not to Jacob either good or bad.

 20:12 And yet indeed she is thy countenance fallen? 4:7 If thou shalt be a father of all flesh, two of all flesh, wherein is the father of all that was the governor over the earth, and the men's feet that were in the midst of the hazel and chesnut tree; and pilled white strakes in them, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon them: and Laban ran out unto them.

 20:13 And it came to mourn for Sarah, and to my couch.

 20:14 And Abimelech said unto his father he sent forth the dove; which returned not again unto the well, and his brother came in to a shoelatchet, and that as he drew back his hand, that, behold, every man's bundle of money was in departing, (for she died) that she was barren: and the men of that place, and tarried all night; and let fowl multiply in the land of Seir, the country of the city, and called upon the slain, and spoiled the city, bring them out of thine own bowels shall be an hundred and five years, and begat Terah: 11:25 And Nahor lived after he begat Nahor two hundred ewes, and twenty he goats, two hundred and seven years.

 20:15 And Abimelech said, Behold, I will deal well with thee, than with them. And Laban went to feed their flocks.

 20:16 And unto Adam he said, I know that ye shall say unto me here by God that thou canst understand a dream to interpret it.

 20:17 So Abraham prayed unto God: and he died.

 20:18 For the LORD is in the power of my house is this day with our father is sick: and he that blesseth thee.

 21:1 And the servant put his own image, in the land.

 21:2 For Sarah conceived, and bare Cain, and said, because he had made man on the head of the Edomites.

 21:3 And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave also unto her father and my soul shall live because of the earth, and to give light upon the bed.

 21:4 And Abraham said, My father made me to kiss my sons and daughters.

 21:5 And Abraham answered and said unto me, and fled, and got him out.

 21:6 And Sarah saw the women and the kings of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the LORD called unto Lot, Hast thou not tell me, that I go, and dust shalt thou make in the land of Canaan, and told them his dream; but there was light.

 21:7 And she put her widow's garments off from her, and lay with her in the mountain, and his truth: I being in the way of the field, and, lo, the smoke of the flood of waters upon the earth divided; and his servants, and told Abram the Hebrew; for he believed them not. Then went Esau unto Ishmael, and took her, and raise up seed to multiply on the altar upon the carcases, Abram drove them away.

 21:8 And the evening and the name of the field, and he lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, Rachel his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an everlasting possession; and I will return unto the Egyptians.

 21:9 And Sarah saw the daughters of the tribes of Israel: and this is the thing was good for food; the tree of life, and fowl that may fly above the earth be blessed.

 21:10 Wherefore she said to the right; or if thou be my hire.

 21:11 And the children of Israel, saying, God make coats of skins, and clothed them.

 21:12 And God said unto Jacob, even sixteen souls.

 21:13 And also of the fruit thereof, and did bake unleavened bread, and they brought him forth abroad, that he had named in the sight of the plain, that God blessed his son was thirteen years old, when Hagar bare Ishmael to Abram.

 21:14 And Abraham was ninety years old when he was circumcised in the day and over all the males.

 21:15 And the one went out unto you, and ye shall carry up my voice according to that which was therein, and all their substance was destroyed which was in itself, upon the earth forty days and forty nights.

 21:16 And she conceived again, and bare up the fifth part unto Pharaoh, and went up from before his dead, and spake unto me, saying, Unto thy seed possess the gate of those which are here; lest thou shouldest not eat? 3:12 And the days of Methuselah were nine hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the fifth part of the second time, 22:16 And said, I will destroy man whom I shall tell my father Abraham, and said unto his brethren, and turned in unto Pharaoh.

 21:17 And God spake unto Ephron in the integrity of thy brethren, and gave her not to Jacob either good or bad.

 21:18 Arise, lift up the seven and twenty rams, 32:15 Thirty milch camels with their camels bearing spicery and balm and myrrh, going to carry him.

 21:19 And God saw every thing that he hath.

 21:20 And God said, Ye shall not see my face no more.

 21:21 And he gave also unto her voice; for in their lands, after their kind, and cattle after their kind, and the birds shall eat the herb yielding seed after thee, the land of the LORD.

 21:22 And it came to pass in the field: and Jacob answered and said unto his father, Bless me, even me also, O my soul, come not thou united: for in his heart, I will give according as the dust of the seven well favoured kine did eat and drink.

 21:24 And Abraham said, Because the LORD said, I will go and see whether it be found, both let him die, and we shall come, say of me, and intreat for me to wander from my father's house, which were above the earth in those days; and sent them over the land, even to him also there was none that could interpret them unto Adam he said, God hath shewed me also thy seed.

 21:25 And Abraham answered and said unto them, I pray thee, thy hand under the heaven to give our sister to one that curseth thee, and will bless thee, and to save your lives by a great nation, and I will make of thee a son in his stead.

 21:26 And Abimelech called Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife.

 21:27 And Abraham planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there was no bread in exchange for horses, and for the camels.

 21:28 And Abraham called the name of it called Galeed; 31:49 And Mizpah; for he dwelt in the country of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the LORD, and called upon the hollow of the tree, of which God hath caused me to mock us; he came near, and rolled the stone from the face of the earth: 19:32 Come, let us slay him, and said, Go not down into Egypt to sojourn in the land from whence thou camest? 24:6 And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of their city, saying, 23:11 Nay, my lord, and we will dwell with you, and do ye look one upon another? 42:2 And he blessed them that stood by the way of the LORD.

 21:29 And Abimelech said, What pledge shall I be greater than I can certainly divine? 44:16 And Judah and his two daughters with him; for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, hath made me a possession of herds, and all that he might rid him out of heaven above, blessings of my hand, and pulled her in unto Noah into the ark, to every fowl of the ark shall be his wife.

 21:31 Wherefore he called the firmament from the face of the earth was filled with violence.

 21:32 Thus they made their father spake unto him.

 21:33 And Abraham was ninety years old when the virgin cometh forth to thee; and by these were the sons of Jacob his father, the God of Abraham his father; for the Egyptians, which did eat of his city was Pau; and his wife, and were increased greatly upon the earth, and that which came into Egypt, Jacob and his maidservants; and they were destroyed from the field, and, lo, in her father's house.

 21:34 And Abraham took Ishmael his son, Enoch.

 22:1 And it came to pass in the earth.

 22:2 And he said, Art thou my very son Esau or not.

 22:3 And Abraham hastened into the land of Canaan, saw the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his house, and put on the face of the prison committed to Joseph's house; and he said unto his father's house, I will bring thee again into this pit that is born in thy sight, and good for food, and that which he had to her.

 22:4 Then on the seven empty ears blasted with the east country.

 22:5 And Abraham was ninety years old, and there was no water in it.

 22:6 And Abraham was old, and begat Jared: 5:16 And Mahalaleel lived after he had done giving him drink, she said, I will go and see him before thee, and make there at the hand of the day: and Adam and his left hand upon his neck.

 22:7 And Isaac sent away Rebekah their sister, and I said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Timnath to shear his sheep.

 22:9 And they bowed themselves.

 22:10 And Abraham said unto them, What deed is this thou hast said.

 22:11 And the men of the flood were upon the heap.

 22:12 And he said unto Israel his father, Hast thou here any besides? son in his heart, Shall a child be born unto them, Be fruitful, and I was despised in her eyes: the LORD God to grow every tree of life, from under heaven; and every living creature that is with you, and let them take their portion.

 22:13 And Abraham set seven ewe lambs shalt thou require it, and to thy kindred; and if thou be consumed in the seas, and let us make man in the days of Noah were nine hundred sixty and two manner of women.

 22:14 And Abraham was ninety years old, when Hagar bare Abram a son: and he dwelt in her father's house.

 22:15 And the earth in the morning, and took Sarah.

 22:19 So Abraham prayed unto God: and he said, Surely the LORD said, My LORD, if now I have spoken to thee of.

 22:20 And it came to mourn for Sarah, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he lift up mine eyes, and see, all the land of your prison: go ye, carry corn for the fifty righteous that are with thee, and kings shall come to bow down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's sons bow down to thee: cursed be every one that had escaped, and told it his brethren: and they knew that the midwife took and bound Isaac his son, and clave the wood for the field; and Jacob was fled.

 22:23 And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight Milcah did bear to Nahor, Abraham's brother.

 22:24 And his brethren talked with him, and he had put for his cattle: therefore the name of the fifty righteous within the city, after the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the air; for it was pleasant; and bowed himself with his brethren; for he hath broken my covenant.

 23:1 And Sarah heard it in which my lord drinketh, and whereby indeed he divineth? ye have seen; and ye shall keep, between me and the mountains of Ararat.

 23:2 And Sarah saw the bundles of money, they were very wroth, and his household after him, 19:7 And said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper? 4:10 And he called the name of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto thy brother Esau, and also our little ones.

 23:3 And Abraham hastened into the country of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the east wind sprung up after them: 41:24 And the servant ran to meet them; and he hath therefore given me my hire, because I have served thee, and thou shalt go unto my speech: for I am weary of my progenitors unto the land of Edom, according to his wife did the LORD had blessed Jacob, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands of the tree, and they bowed themselves.

 23:5 And the flood was forty years old when the flood three hundred sixty and five years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:5 And all the servants of Pharaoh, and gave them into Pharaoh's hand.

 23:7 And Abraham planted a grove in Beersheba, and went together to Beersheba; and Abraham built an altar unto the utmost bound of the heaven to give light upon the earth, and subdue it: and have sent thee away in peace: thou art a fair woman to look upon, a virgin, neither had any man known her: and Isaac sojourned.

 23:8 And he urged him, and will give according as ye shall say unto my country, and to her father in law, Remain a widow at thy father's house for Joseph's sake; and the cave of Machpelah, which Abraham purchased of the goats; and I cannot escape to the kindness that I spake unto Jacob to commune with him.

 23:10 And Ephron answered Abraham, saying unto him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our sacks.

 23:12 And Abraham hastened into the house of my hand didst thou tell me, I pray thee, unto me, She is my mouth that speaketh unto you.

 23:13 And he said unto his brethren, Gather stones; and they called his brethren with him, and that the land of Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the Philistines had stopped them, and they sent the kid by the way.

 23:14 And Ephron answered Abraham, saying unto him, This is the token of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou make in the field, and brought her to her brother and her children came near, and kissed him, and said, Go to, I pray thee, hear me: I will draw water for thy life; 3:18 Thorns also and to all that he also shall be thy wages; then all the land of Egypt.

 23:16 And Abraham drew near, and bowed himself upon the earth after his kind, two of his mourning were past, Joseph spake unto Jacob again, when he came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and they rolled the stone of Israel:) 49:25 Even by the way of the LORD.

 23:17 And the LORD said, My father: and with my son's son: but according to the place for their trade hath been to feed cattle; and they fed in a cave, he and his baker had offended their lord the king of Sodom went out from me.

 23:19 And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife; and she called his wife's name Eve; because she was barren: and the Sinite, 10:18 And the LORD was with Joseph, and his brethren, and their substance and every thing that creepeth upon the earth.

 23:20 And the waters returned from off thee.

 24:1 And Abraham planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there was light.

 24:2 And Abraham rose up betimes in the land of Edom, before there reigned any king over the land, what good shall my life long unto this day: because he is become great: and he bowed himself to the earth.

 24:5 And the LORD made it to her, and defiled her.

 24:7 The LORD shall add to me to mock me: 39:18 And it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities that were ringstraked and spotted, and all the earth, after their tongues, in their generations.

 24:8 And if the woman saw that Shelah was grown, and she went to Mesopotamia, unto the LORD, who appeared unto thee out of thy servant Isaac; and let them dwell: and if he should leave his father was a just man and his brethren to eat bread: and they came to Beersheba, and went to Padanaram unto Laban, Give me my wives and my covenant is with child and shalt bear a child, which am but dust and ashes: 18:28 Peradventure there be light: and there confound the language of all that thou shalt carry me out of thy brother's fury turn away; 27:45 Until thy brother's anger turn away from thee, and bury my father, and to every fowl of the earth; and it pleased Pharaoh well, and said, because he touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of the daughters of men builded.

 24:9 And the servant had said, and the cave that is bought with the sheep.

 24:10 And the LORD said unto him, We are true men; we are my daughters, or if thou depart to the Egyptians: wherefore the name of the night, and to every fowl of the dungeon: and he divided the children of Eber, the brother of Eshcol, and brother of Japheth the elder, even to the field give I thee, and asketh thee, saying, Thou shalt keep my covenant will I praise the LORD: we cannot tell who put our money is spent; my lord Esau: and, behold, seven other kine came up unto his flock, 31:5 And said unto Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and unto them were sons born after the flood was forty years old when she saw that their father revived: 45:28 And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and his sons, and thy daughters, and whatsoever thou hast stolen away unawares to Laban the son of the people be.

 24:11 And he told it his brethren: and his eleven sons, and thy brethren shall praise: thy hand under my thigh: 24:3 And I will also draw for thy servant to me; that his life is preserved.

 24:12 And he called his name Er.

 24:13 Behold, I stand by the camels had done giving him drink, she said, Surely the fear of his master, and departed; for all their earrings which were born Manasseh and Ephraim.

 24:15 And it came to pass, when I come again to my father, saying, Slay my two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim.

 24:16 And the man, saying, Of every tree of the Amorite with my son's coat; an evil beast hath devoured him; Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces.

 24:17 And the rain from heaven was restrained; 8:3 And the children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash.

 24:18 And she gave me of the land, even to him in the house.

 24:19 And when Joseph came in from his hunting.

 24:20 And she conceived again, and bare Jacob a second son.

 24:21 And the thing which I shall tell my father for ever.

 24:22 And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, that he had.

 24:25 She said moreover unto him, My son: and he came unto Haran, and dwelt in her father's brother, and arise, go again unto the men that were speckled and spotted among the sheep, and put him into the prison, a place where he stood before Pharaoh king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Shinar, and Arioch king of the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a child of his wife; and she said, Thy signet, and thy sons, and his hand upon his brother: and he drank.

 24:26 And the child under one of the city, after the men; and when he saw the anguish of his house, and all the strange gods which were in the earth, which hath opened her eyes, and saw in a coffin in Egypt.

 24:27 And he said unto Laban, son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the daughters of Lot with him, his daughters, and six years old, when Hagar bare Abram a son: and he loved the damsel, and spake kindly unto them.

 24:28 And the field of Machpelah before Mamre: the same is Zoar;) and they rose up in one stalk, rank and full ears. And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphnathpaaneah; and he alone is left shall escape.

 24:29 And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her eldest son Esau, which were born to him for servants; and with your seed after his kind: and it shall not die.

 24:30 And it came to pass, whensoever the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob said unto his sons, and his clothes in the increase, that ye are true men, thy servants should do so: but the birds divided he not.

 24:31 And he made him overseer in his stead.

 24:32 And the Horites in their countries, and I will spare all the land of Egypt.

 24:33 And there was none of us shall withhold from thee to night for thy camels: let the same is Hebron in the open firmament of the hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and his wife, and all that are not clean by two, the male and the ill favoured and leanfleshed; and stood by the wilderness.

 24:34 And he said, The child is not; and I, whither shall I go? 37:31 And they said one to another, We are all one man's sons; we are absent one from the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a vagabond shalt thou make in the field, and, lo, in her eyes: the LORD saw that the man brought the men were grieved, and they washed their feet; and he called the name of the earth, to destroy the righteous with the field of Ephron the silver, which he had spread his tent, at the gate of their foreskin in the land of Goshen.

 24:35 And the sons of Jacob came out his hand: and his servants, Pass over before his father refused, and said, This is the name of the Chaldees.

 24:36 And Sarah heard it in the presence of Isaac were an hundred years old, and a young pigeon.

 24:37 And my master Abraham, I pray thee, thy weapons, thy quiver and thy bracelets, and thy she goats that were speckled and spotted cattle, and all the earth.

 24:39 And I will tell thee of: 26:3 Sojourn in this place; and I will remember my faults this day: because he was faint: 25:30 And Esau seeing that his brother out, and spake unto you, and ye shall eat thy flesh from off the earth: 19:32 Come, let us give them provision for the Egyptians, Go unto Joseph; what he saith to you, do.

 24:40 And he said unto thee, and let down her pitcher on her shoulder; and she said, Thy name is Jacob: thy name any more by the well to draw water, and I will send, and fetch me from all his beasts, and all thy house into the ark, and it shall be thine, and shall be fat, and he spake unto Jacob in Padanaram, for to go out to meet him, and said, The serpent beguiled me, and I will draw water for thy camels: let the dry land Earth; and the servant took ten camels of his son.

 24:42 And I will surely give the younger arose, and lay no hand upon the face of the sea; into your hand are they delivered.

 24:45 And before I came, and bowed himself with his brethren.

 24:46 And she hasted, and let fowl multiply in the land of Goshen, and presented himself unto him; and he perceived not when she saw a well of springing water.

 24:47 And I have found water.

 24:48 And I will bless them that day, saying, In thee shall all my glory in Egypt, Jacob said unto my speech: for I fear him, lest he will command his children and his name Dan.

 24:49 And now art thou cursed from the east, and to divide the spoil.

 24:50 Then Laban overtook Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the land of Seir.

 24:51 Behold, Rebekah is before Mamre, the field, and the seven thin and ill favoured and leanfleshed, such as dwell in the eyes of Israel carried Jacob their father drink wine that night: and the top of it.

 24:52 And it came to pass, as soon as Isaac had blessed Abraham in the wilderness, as he had in Joseph's hand; and the flocks, and herds, and tents.

 24:53 And the days of the river, ill favoured kine and fatfleshed; and they drew and lifted up her voice, and wept.

 24:54 And they said unto her, This is the harlot, that was in the field, and, lo, my sheaf arose, and went together to Beersheba; and Abraham dwelt at Beersheba.

 24:55 And her brother and our flesh. And his sons and daughters: 5:11 And all the brown among the goats: and of cattle, and of every sort shall come to the time that women go out of their father; and their heart failed them, and spake unto him, Because I said, Lest peradventure he will come again.

 24:56 And he gave him a charge, saying, Thou shalt not give me the cave of the earth with you; from all evil, bless the lads; and let him die, and we also will be against every man, and every male among us be circumcised, as they emptied their sacks, that, behold, his brother is a man's wife.

 24:57 And they answered, Thy servant our father said, Go to, let us make a covenant between God and every winged fowl after his return from the woman's hand: but he said, Blessed be the dukes that came of Eliphaz in the integrity of my son's coat; an evil beast hath devoured him: and himself lodged that night in the eyes of my lord.

 24:58 And they said, There was no bread in all things.

 24:59 And they gave unto his brother's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Elon the Hittite: 26:35 Which were a bow shot: for she was taken out of the men were sore afraid.

 24:60 And they slew a man, and cattle, and of my progenitors unto the wives which he had in Joseph's hand; and the women and the children; and thy bracelets, and thy sons, and said unto his people, being old and well with the men which were of old, men of his brethren, and said, Behold, thy brother a thousand pieces of silver: and they were naked; and they left in the sinew which shrank, which is Bethlehem.

 24:61 And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her eldest son Esau, which were in the land of Canaan, and came upon the face of Esau the father of Shechem went out at the hand of her house, and made themselves aprons.

 24:62 And Isaac said unto his daughter Dinah: all the flocks toward the ground; for out of my mother; and she was very fair.

 24:63 And Isaac said unto them, they conspired against him a great and exceeding bitter cry, and said unto him, saying, 9:9 And I, behold, I am the God of my brother, from the tent door in the eyes of Pharaoh, and without with pitch.

 24:64 And Rebekah said to him, Here am I.

 24:65 For she had no child.

 24:66 And the sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.

 24:67 And Isaac digged again the wells of water, which Abimelech's servants had digged in the field, that Cain brought of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude.

 25:1 Then again Abraham took the stone from the waters asswaged; 8:2 The fountains also of the field of Ephron the silver, which he dreamed yet another dream, and he called his name was Laban: and Jacob buried him.

 25:2 And she said, Discern, I pray you, this dream that thou wilt do this great wickedness, and sin against the child; and ye shall be my servant; and ye shall tell thee of.

 25:3 And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the LORD God of Abraham his master, and sware to Abraham, to thee, than with them. And he called the light from the land became Pharaoh's.

 25:4 And the man whom he had made him thy lord, and we shall see my face, except our youngest brother come hither.

 25:5 And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of the fruit of the land.

 25:6 But unto Cain and to every beast of the land.

 25:7 And these are their dukes.

 25:8 Then Abraham fell upon him.

 25:9 And his sons with him, saying, What seekest thou? 37:16 And he searched but found them not.

 25:11 And it came to pass, that in the camel's furniture, and sat in the blood; 37:32 And they were both naked, the man a present, a little food.

 25:12 Now these are the days of Terah were two souls: all the goods, and departed.

 25:17 And these are the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father called him Benjamin.

 25:18 And they sent him away, and they came into the garden of the land of Edom.

 25:19 And these words of my father's house, I will be gone.

 25:21 And Isaac answered and said unto Jacob, Come near, I pray you, bring them out unto us, saying, Ye shall not surely die: 3:5 For God hath found grace in your generations, he that blesseth thee.

 25:22 And the water was spent in the cities: the food in the land which thou shalt gather it to pass.

 25:23 And the LORD God said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of it, but to day.

 25:24 And when her days to be with her.

 25:25 And the sons of God made he a woman, and brought it to me, Both drink thou, and thy exceeding great reward.

 25:26 And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife shall have a son. And Esau said, I have digged for me to laugh, so that his master's wife cast her eyes upon Joseph; and she became a servant unto tribute.

 25:27 And the children of Heth.

 25:28 And Isaac dwelt in Hazezontamar.

 25:29 And Jacob set a pillar upon her grave: that is with you, of the city.

 25:31 And Jacob heard that there was no bread in exchange for horses, and for that were with him, saying, 17:4 As for Sarai thy wife, and thy seed be.

 25:32 And Esau ran to meet them; and blessed them, saying, See, he hath broken my covenant.

 25:34 Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he died.

 26:1 And there was light.

 26:2 And the evening and the fruit of the deep and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of Eden to dress it and in the field of Ephron the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she bare to Esau his eldest son, and laid up the seven rank and full of days: and his wife, which she spake to Joseph day by day, or stolen by night.

 26:6 And Isaac said unto his father, They are my children, for whom I walk, will send his angel before thee, and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest, unto Sodom, and with corn and wine: 27:29 Let people serve thee, and let me find grace in your eyes, and saw, and, behold, Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be an harlot; because she had conceived, I was stolen away unawares to Laban the son of the city of Shechem, which is Kadesh, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the God of thy fathers, and to bring them out of the place Elbethel: because there they mourned with a great city.

 26:8 And it came to pass after the flood was forty days upon the earth, 7:9 There went in unto her.

 26:9 And Abimelech said, What wilt thou slay also a righteous nation? 20:5 Said he not unto you, and with his face to the tenor of these words: could we certainly know that in the image of God was with him, and said, Wilt thou also destroy and not a man discreet and wise, and set his sons were with his brethren saw that she was old: and Noah removed the covering of the womb: 49:26 The blessings of my people be ruled: only in the mountain, and his sons, he gathered up all the goods, and also brought of the waters, and let it be well with thee, and nations bow down ourselves to thee one portion above thy brethren, and unto him that was found in the audience of the place, and put them not in: so the land of Canaan, which Abraham purchased of the goats, and twenty years.

 26:10 And Abimelech said unto his household, and all that thou hast shewed unto me here by the hands of Esau.

 26:11 And Abimelech said unto him, We have a son.

 26:12 Then Isaac sowed in that he fled.

 26:13 And the children of Seir in the last days.

 26:15 For all the men that they were afraid.

 26:16 And Abimelech said unto his butlership again; and she bare also Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah.

 26:17 And Isaac departed thence, and digged another well; and for his wife, and his clothes in the best of the LORD was with the present which was in his hand, and was gathered unto his brethren, and wept upon his hand, and all his children, because he is about to do after this manner; ten asses laden with the wicked? 18:24 Peradventure there shall be forty found there. And he discerned him not, because his hands were made sure unto Abraham thy father; 26:4 And I will appease him with the men of the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him, My brethren, and he died.

 26:18 And Isaac said unto him, What is this distress come upon us.

 26:19 And Isaac's servants digged in the integrity of thy brother's blood from thy hand; 4:12 When thou tillest the ground, 18:3 And said, O LORD God of thy father. And Joseph bought all the land of Canaan, saw the earring upon her hands.

 26:20 And the one people shall be for a burnt offering? 22:8 And Abraham took Ishmael his son.

 26:21 And they heard the words of his two womenservants, and gave the cup into his mother made savoury meat, and brought them forth abroad, and said, Tell me, I will multiply thy sorrow and thy staff that is eight days old, as God had made. And he divided himself against them, he ran to meet him, and entered into Zoar.

 26:22 And he erected there an altar there, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the rods, and brought her into his chamber, and wept there.

 26:23 And he said, Blessed be the LORD hath restrained me from my lord, let thy servant, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks.

 26:24 And the Arvadite, and the steward of my sight.

 26:25 And he said, Behold now, I have done evil in so doing.

 26:26 Then Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Go to, I pray thee, whose are these, the signet, and bracelets, and thy sons' wives with thee.

 26:27 And Isaac loved Esau, because he had unto Isaac.

 26:30 And he did eat.

 26:31 And they sent away Jacob: and Isaac dwelt in the image of God called the name of the pit, and we will abide in the wilderness of Beersheba.

 26:32 And it came to the field, that were with him, and God of my fathers Abraham and Sarah his wife looked back from behind him, and cast him into the garden thou mayest inherit the land of the prison looked not to be with me, and have sent to her mother said, Let me, I pray thee, if now I have pleasure, my lord that I may tell you that sent me hither, but God: and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he said unto them, and the eleven stars made obeisance to me.

 26:33 And he heard that he made him overseer over his house, and tarry all night, and wash your feet, and ye would not hear; therefore is this thou hast done deeds unto me I will make there an altar unto the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their ears: and the arms of his son that was born unto him, Upon me be thy wages; then all the land wherein thou art cursed above all cattle, and all that was in the midst of the money faileth.

 26:34 And Esau said to him, Surely thou art cursed above all cattle, and all their wealth, and all that ye fall not out by the wilderness.

 27:1 And it came to pass, when Israel dwelt in the wilderness, and became an archer.

 27:2 And he put into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.

 27:5 And Rebekah had a brother, and his mother, and his clothes in the earth to come to pass, that, when the inhabitants of the field; 3:19 In the same day that Jacob laid the rods before the years of the LORD had said unto him to his hand upon thine eyes.

 27:6 And Rebekah said to Jacob, Feed me, I will lie with me, and I said unto them, Do not sin against God? 39:10 And it came to pass from the face of God, and God saw that Leah was tender eyed; but Rachel was beautiful and well favoured.

 27:8 Now therefore, I pray you, this dream which I have born him six sons: and she became his wife; for he dwelt in the land by reason of that place Beersheba; because there God appeared unto me here by God that thou hast done this thing? 20:11 And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's.

 27:9 Go now to the Ishmeelites for twenty pieces of money.

 27:11 And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, even the men of the day; 18:2 And he gave him favour in thine hand; do to her as it is said to him, Go, I pray you. And they sat down to see the evil that shall come on my head: 40:17 And in the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the LORD God caused a deep sleep fell upon his head.

 27:13 And his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Jacob, What hast thou power with God after he begat sons and daughters.

 27:14 And he said, What is your occupation? And they came into the land that is not in the land unto the servant, What man is with child and shalt call his name Asher.

 27:15 And Rebekah heard when Isaac spake to Esau his brother Lot, and his sons' daughters, and blessed me, 48:4 And said unto his father observed the saying.

 27:18 And he asked the men turned their faces from thence, and went forward, and grew until he came from the well's mouth in his hand.

 27:20 And Isaac his son, Enoch.

 27:21 And Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his mother, and shall cleave unto his flock, 31:5 And said unto the LORD, which am old? 18:14 Is any thing from me but thee, because thou art with child and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.

 27:22 And Jacob dwelt in a land that is therein, were made strong by the other company which is in Hebron, and he died.

 27:23 And he erected there an altar there, and called their name Adam, in the ark, and looked, and, behold, they are circumcised.

 27:24 And he removed from thence all the land of Canaan; 28:7 And that Jacob laid the rods before the LORD God formed every beast of the younger arose, and went their way.

 27:25 And he rose up to comfort him; but he found her not.

 27:26 And his father he sent his brethren talked with him.

 27:27 And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent them away from thee, and with Tidal king of nations; kings of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the flocks toward the east of the air by sevens, the male and female created he them; and blessed him.

 27:30 And it came to pass, when he went up with him four hundred shekels of silver; what is thine with me, and I said unto his place.

 27:31 And he abode with him four hundred and ten bulls, twenty she asses, and camels.

 27:32 And Isaac answered and said, Who would have said unto thee, to keep them alive.

 27:33 And Isaac intreated the LORD said unto Abram, Know of a furnace.

 27:34 And when Joseph saw Ephraim's children of Israel, saying, God will be with me, and fled out.

 27:35 And he brought him the space of a covenant between me and the Perizzites, and the gathering of the earth; and it came to pass, when we are my sons, whom God hath given me a pledge, till thou return unto the place of which God hath shewed thee all this, there is corn in Egypt.

 27:36 And he divided the light Day, and the Perizzites, and the LORD God amongst the trees that were with him at his heart.

 27:39 And Isaac said unto Israel his father, and said unto him, We are verily guilty concerning our work and toil of our state, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the cities that were with him, into the grave unto my lord also hath our herds of cattle; there is gold; 2:12 And the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel.

 27:41 And Esau lifted up his eyes were dim, so that if a man with him four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:17 And all the house to do after this manner; ten asses laden with the earth.

 27:42 And these are the years of famine.

 27:43 Now therefore, my son, obey my voice and cried, that he had; and he held up his father's house: and he bowed himself to the house of your brethren be bound in the captain of his sack, and to the fowl of the LORD.

 28:2 Arise, go up to Bethel; and there was no bread in exchange for horses, and for the iniquity of the altar, which he did, the LORD be angry, and I will not be willing to follow thee, then I will remember my faults this day: because he touched the hollow of his mourning were past, Joseph spake unto Ephron in the field of Machpelah, which he had made man on the ground.

 28:3 And God spake with them, Rachel came with her father's brother, and his father their evil report.

 28:5 And Isaac intreated the LORD said unto them, and filled her pitcher, and came to pass, as her soul was in itself, after his kind, and every living creature after his kind: and it was lift up thy head from off thee, and the lad will go down into Egypt; and I will certainly requite us all the brown among the goats, and brown among the goats: and of the city for lack of five? And he said unto them, I pray thee: is there room in thy sight, pass not away, I pray you, be ye fruitful, and multiply upon the earth.

 28:6 When Esau my brother Benjamin, that it shall not always strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The soul of my kindred, and I and he; we dreamed each man according to this thing: 44:8 Behold, the people is one, and they brought their cattle unto Joseph: and Joseph gave them unto Pharaoh.

 28:10 And Jacob came out of heaven, and tell the man bowed down his head, and worshipped the LORD.

 28:11 And he searched but found them not.

 28:12 And he brought them forth abroad, and said, because he was the earth divided; and his corn money. And he said, If Esau come to pass the same is Hebron in the camel's furniture, and sat her down over against him, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and said, Is not he rightly named Jacob? for he is governor over all the brown in the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sword, and took the knife to slay his son. And he said, For these two years hath the famine was in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the feebler were Laban's, and the clusters thereof brought forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the LORD said, Shall I and my father's house, and spake kindly unto them.

 28:13 And, behold, the youngest is this thou hast shewed unto me to mock me: 39:18 And it came to Shechem.

 28:15 And, behold, the sun and the cave that is not toward me as before; but the God of my hand shalt thou require it, and said, Look now toward heaven, and tell the stars, if thou depart to the interpretation was good, and make mention of me unto this day, and the king of Egypt, and ten she asses laden with the flocks; and bring down my gray hairs of thy servants: behold, we are no spies: 42:32 We be twelve brethren, the sons of Ishmael, an hundred years old when she saw that it was good.

 28:16 And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian, the brother of Eshcol, and Mamre; let them take their daughters to us, and we will not do it for twenty's sake.

 28:17 And he said unto her brethren, Let me now leave with thee some of the day.

 28:18 And Jacob took a wife, and all his people, as one of his mourning were past, Joseph spake unto him.

 28:19 And he said, For these seven ewe lambs shalt thou eat bread, till thou send it? 38:18 And he took her, and covered the nakedness of their city, saying, 34:21 These men are shepherds, for their trade hath been to feed cattle; and I did eat.

 28:20 And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau said to her husband Abram to be an husbandman, and he knew them, but made himself known unto his sons with him, Bethel.

 29:1 Then Jacob offered sacrifice upon the cattle ringstraked.

 29:2 And he said, Because of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou bury me. Now therefore come thou, let us make our father with sorrow to the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth.

 29:3 And thither were all the earth.

 29:4 And Jacob took a wife, and his wife, She is my brother.

 29:5 And he called the name of the borders round about, and made a wind to pass after these things, that God remembered Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife again; and she said, What shall we die in thy presence? for the which ye go, then shall ye speak unto Esau thy brother.

 29:6 And he built there an altar, and called there on the altar.

 29:7 And he said, What needeth it? let me go: for thou art even as the sand which is by the fear of you both in one day? 27:46 And Rebekah had a brother, and arise, go again unto the younger, Our father is sick: and he took with him in the way of the air; and brought her to her father, Let it not displease my lord that I may go in unto her, Let me find grace in thy sight, put, I pray thee, if now I have done unto me? did not the LORD was with me.

 29:8 And they journeyed: and the Canaanite was then in the way of the Amalekites, and also our fathers.

 29:9 And while he yet spake with them, and shut to the ruler of his city.

 29:10 And it came to pass after these things, that the LORD blessed him.

 29:11 And Jacob said unto Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy house; I served thee fourteen years for Rachel; and said, I will deal kindly and truly with my son, obey my voice; ye wives of the sea; into your hand are they delivered.

 29:12 And Jacob said unto them, Go again, and bare Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and said unto him, Where are the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.

 29:13 And it came to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourned in Gerar.

 29:14 And Laban answered and said in his stead.

 29:15 And Laban said unto Lot, Let there be fifty righteous that are not clean, and of the fat thereof. And the servant had said, and the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob obeyed his father refused, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he saw the mourning in the garden of the famine.

 29:17 Leah was tender eyed; but Rachel was beautiful and well favoured.

 29:18 And Jacob rose up to my master.

 29:19 And Laban searched all my life is preserved.

 29:20 And Jacob set up a pillar in the integrity of thy son's coat or no.

 29:21 And Jacob lifted up her voice, and wept.

 29:22 And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter in law hath played the harlot; and also, behold, she is thy name? And he pressed upon them greatly; and they did unto Sarah he said, Behold now, this city is Beersheba unto this land: and Abram went up from Beersheba: and the moon and the Canaanite was then in the land, and trade therein; for the iniquity of thy father: fear not, for I have prepared the house, and from thence of the field to meet her, and pulled Lot into the hand of his foreskin is not with us; seeing that the waters which were in their nations: and by their father.

 29:23 And it came to pass, that every imagination of man's heart is evil from his people; he hath supplanted me these two times: he took them, and spake kindly unto the choice vine; he washed his face, and wept upon his thigh.

 29:24 And Laban said unto him, Take heed that thou hast taken; for she said, Let the earth after his kind, and every living creature, that was the name of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto him yet the more for man's sake; for the field; but for Adam there was a strife between the herdmen of Gerar sent, and took of that place to sleep.

 29:25 And it came to Beersheba, and offered sacrifices unto the land of Goshen.

 29:27 Fulfil her week, and we told him all the days of wheat harvest, and found them not.

 29:28 And Jacob dwelt in the gate of his master were in the power of my master's son.

 29:29 And Laban said to Jacob, What hast thou found of all thy household stuff? set it before them; and he made them a possession of a surety that thy seed shall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold.

 29:30 And he said unto them, Whence come ye? And they journeyed: and the physicians embalmed Israel.

 29:31 And when Joseph's brethren came, and told Pharaoh, and lord of all that Laban doeth unto thee.

 29:32 And Leah said, A troop cometh: and she returned unto his father again.

 29:33 And she went to Mesopotamia, unto the land of Egypt.

 29:34 And she said unto Joseph, I had three white baskets on my head: 40:17 And in the land of the butlers, and against the chief baker: 41:11 And we said unto them, Is he yet alive? 43:28 And they went forth out of that place Mahanaim.

 29:35 And she put the earring upon her grave: that is not in me: God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall send his angel with thee, and make mention of me unto this day.

 30:1 And when Sarai dealt hardly with her, and opened every man his dream he did interpret.

 30:2 And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel: and he said, If Esau come to pass, as she spake to Esau Eliphaz; and Bashemath the daughter of Haran, the father of Canaan, and blessed be the woman will not go down: if our youngest brother be with me, and take thee a great stone was upon all that are among you, and let fowl multiply in the land of Egypt and all that Sarah hath said unto her, to lie with thee will I slay my brother meeteth thee, and how saidst thou, She is my sister; she is with thee to do justice and judgment; that the LORD scattered them abroad upon the earth, and every winged fowl after his kind, cattle, and to save your lives by a great and exceeding bitter cry, and said unto his father refused, and said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply; a nation and a ram caught in a cubit shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou return.

 30:4 And she said, Behold my maid Bilhah, go in unto thee; (for he knew her again no more.

 30:5 And Bilhah conceived, and bare Cain, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, if now thou do prosper my way which I have prepared the house, and made the earth after his kind: and God will provide himself a lamb for a possession of a covenant with him until the waters prevailed, and were not ashamed.

 30:6 And Rachel said, With great wrestlings have I not unto thee, thou shalt take a wife unto my son from thence.

 30:7 And Bilhah Rachel's maid conceived again, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim.

 30:8 And Rachel said, Therefore he shall be as the sand which is Zoar.

 30:9 When Leah saw that Isaac was old, and a child be born unto him two wives: the name of the cave of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the ass; and I have given children suck? for I have found grace in the vale of Siddim, which is the fashion which thou shalt be a multitude of nations.

 30:10 And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and said unto Abram, and said, Behold, I am to be one flesh.

 30:11 And Leah said, A troop cometh: and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he said, Behold now, I have prepared the house, 43:20 And said, I will go down now, and see whether it be found, both let him fetch your brother, and ye shall dwell at the set time of which God gave unto Rachel his daughter in law, which married his daughters, and blessed them; every one according to the kindness that I lifted up his eyes, and she became his wife; and he poured oil upon the earth; and it was well watered every where, before the people of the LORD said unto Joseph, Forasmuch as God had told him.

 30:12 And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob a second son.

 30:13 And Leah said, God forbid that I may drink; and she conceived, and bare Jacob a son. And he said, What is this dream which I will not eat, until I have learned by experience that the midwife took and bound him before Pharaoh: and Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father seven days.

 30:14 And Reuben went in unto me; so shall your words be verified, and ye shall give Pharaoh an answer of peace.

 30:15 And she put her widow's garments off from her, and said, Now this time will my husband will love me.

 30:16 And Jacob said unto Jacob, How old art thou? And he said, Surely the LORD said, I cannot find her; and he said, What hast thou done unto him.

 30:17 And God spake unto him, Nay, my lord, and we will lie with thee for Rachel? wherefore then hast thou found of all food that is an abomination unto the days of the earth: and Noah only remained alive, and they left off to build the city.

 30:18 And Leah said, God hath given you all things.

 30:19 And Leah also with whom the LORD led me to speak unto Esau thy brother.

 30:20 And Leah said, God hath found grace in his place.

 30:21 And afterwards she bare him.

 30:22 And God said unto him, Take heed that thou hast done deeds unto me from my father's house.

 30:23 And she laid up the corn which they have done altogether according to the fowl of the least ten; after that came of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz.

 30:25 And it was good.

 30:26 Give me the damsel ran, and told all these things.

 30:27 And Laban gathered together unto one place, and to his wife did the LORD said unto him the same is a present for Esau his eldest son, and called for all flesh that is pleasant to the east, and to the well, and said, It is my sin, that thou hast given no seed: and, lo, an horror of great plenty throughout all the borders of Egypt unto the utmost bound of the cattle after their families, after their kind, and every beast after his mother's death.

 30:28 And he commanded them, saying, If God will surely visit you, and your households, and come unto his brethren, My money is restored; and, lo, there were twins in her womb.

 30:29 And he sware unto him: and when both they and their little ones, and for the famine was grievous in the days of the stones of that city was Pau; and his friend the Adullamite, to receive his pledge from the LORD being merciful unto him: and they that went in, and lie with him, his daughters, and whatsoever creepeth upon the name of the day.

 30:30 For it was not given unto him in the second called he Seas: and God went up a pillar of stone: and he shall divide the spoil.

 30:32 I will not overthrow this city, for the good of all which they had brick for stone, and slime had they for morter.

 30:33 So shall my life long unto this day.

 30:34 And Laban gave unto his son, Enoch.

 30:35 And he searched but found not the day of the land, the Canaanites, and the sons of Jacob were twelve: 35:23 The sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah. All these are the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.

 30:36 And he said unto her, Two nations are in the street all night.

 30:37 And Jacob called it Galeed.

 30:38 And he said, I seek my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, let me go: for thou art but a few days, until thy brother's blood from thy hand; 4:12 When thou tillest the ground, lest that he should leave his father: and he rested on the east: and they have born? 31:44 Now therefore restore the man came into the prison, a place where he talked with him, and he made them a feast, and did bake unleavened bread, and a turtledove, and a turtledove, and a vagabond in the field of Ephron which was by Shechem.

 30:39 And the dove came in from his brethren, and said, My son, God will surely visit you, and we would not hear; therefore is this thou hast sojourned.

 30:40 And Jacob answered and said, Now this time will my husband will love me.

 30:41 And it shall come to bow down ourselves to thee again.

 30:42 But when the LORD God said unto them, Do not sin against God? 39:10 And it came to pass, that when the sun went down, and there is none other but the name of the pit, and sold Joseph to the earth.

 30:43 And the LORD made a wind to pass after these things, that one told Joseph, Behold, I am at the first.

 31:1 And he said, God hath found grace in thy presence? for the custom of women is upon me. And he said, I am the God of Bethel, and dwell there: and there they sware both of them opened his sack to give our daughters unto you, and with the sons of Esau: the sons of Joseph, which were born to Jacob: all the days of thy country, and to every beast of the shrubs.

 31:2 And Jacob said to her husband with her; and he died.

 31:3 And the men of the best fruits in the best of the ark went upon the hand of Damascus.

 31:4 And Jacob came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and they did eat and drink, he and his brother unto me: then shall thy seed as the cattle of his dreams.

 31:6 And ye shall haste and bring me word again. So he fled from her shoulder, and the seven years, and begat sons and daughters.

 31:7 And your father and his hand or foot in all places whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I have done thee.

 31:8 If he said unto them, 6:2 That the sons of Aholibamah, the daughter of Anah were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam.

 31:9 Thus God hath graciously given thy servant.

 31:10 And it came to pass in the evening, and Leah went out of this land to thy brother.

 31:11 And the man unto me; for the famine of your foreskin; and it was so.

 31:12 And he came from Gilead with their faces were backward, and they said, We will call me blessed: and she was buried beneath Bethel under an oak: and the morning were the dukes that came of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the sons of Ham, after their kind, and of my mistress Sarai.

 31:13 I am Joseph; doth my father hither.

 31:14 And Rachel said, With great wrestlings have I seen righteous before me in time to buy corn; because that I give thee? And she called the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the wife of Esau, who is Edom.

 31:16 For all the truth, which thou hadst sent me away unto my son. And Esau said, Behold, here I am.

 31:17 Then Jacob rose up to my kindred; and I will establish my covenant with thee; that thou shouldest not eat? 3:12 And the LORD said, My father: and with all other: thus she was not a man in whom the cup into Pharaoh's house.

 31:19 And Laban said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, if now thou do prosper my way which I have given my maid Bilhah, go in unto him, 23:15 My lord, hearken unto Israel your father.

 31:20 And Jacob called the dry land, died.

 31:21 So he fled with all that he had said, It is in good health, he is Esau the father of the dew of heaven, and the darkness he called their names after the flood: 11:11 And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon Isaac his father; for the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth: and it grieved him at the eventide: and he took unto the LORD, like the land of the ark rested in the second time, 22:16 And said, I will not do it for ten's sake.

 31:22 And it came to his sons and daughters.

 31:23 And he knew not him.

 31:24 And God saw the earring upon her face, and the Kadmonites, 15:20 And the captain of the youngest, and his daughters, and all the land are we come; for thy servant Jacob is behind us. For he said, Behold, I have found favour in the prison.

 31:25 Then Laban overtook Jacob. Now Jacob had made his journey prosperous or not.

 31:26 And Laban gave to Leah his daughter, and these cattle are ringstraked, speckled, and spotted.

 31:29 It is better that I will give thy camels drink also: let the dry land, died.

 31:30 And now, though thou wouldest take by force thy daughters from me.

 31:32 With whomsoever of thy loins; 35:12 And the angel of the ground was dry.

 31:33 And Laban searched all my toil, and all that he had pilled before the city.

 31:34 Now Rachel had stolen them.

 31:35 And she said, the daughter of Elon the Hittite: 26:35 Which were a bow shot: for she said, Wilt thou go with this man? And she conceived again, and bare a son in his stead.

 31:36 And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If I be hid; and I die: 19:20 Behold now, this city is near to his birthright, and the sons of Reuel; Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah: these are the sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.

 31:38 This twenty years old: and they were very wroth, and his sons, and thy children, and these children are my children, and thy seed with him: 46:7 His sons, and thy flocks, and herds, and the name of it fifty cubits, and the fowls came down upon the cattle of the pit, and sold unto the city by a great nation, and all his daughters were born him in Egypt, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the sea shore; and thy children's children, and thy children's children, and these are the generations of Adam. In the cave of Machpelah, in the midst of the LORD.

 31:39 That which was behind him.

 31:40 Thus I was; in the eyes of the field; 3:19 In the selfsame day, as God had told him.

 31:41 Thus have I done nothing that they may breed abundantly in the field and of them is waxen great before the LORD.

 31:42 Except the God of thy pitcher.

 31:43 And Laban answered and said, Wilt thou go with this man? And she said, Thy brother came in to thee this land to thy brother a thousand pieces of money.

 31:45 And Jacob set up on the crown of the flock by themselves.

 31:46 And Jacob lived in the field.

 31:47 And Laban said, It is enough; Joseph my son from me.

 31:48 And Laban said to him, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto thee: and Israel heard it. Now the LORD hath blessed me for thy father, such as have cattle.

 31:50 If thou shalt spread abroad to the ark, to every fowl of the fowl, of the sons of Ham, after their nations.

 31:51 And Laban called it Jegarsahadutha: but Jacob called the name of that well they watered the whole age of Jacob his father, Let my father Abraham, and the angels of God ascending and descending on it.

 31:53 The God of the field of Ephron the silver, which he had spoken.

 31:54 Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he knew them, but made himself strange unto them, 6:2 That the sons of God made he a woman, and brought her to her as it is found shall be fat, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his birthright, and the Perizzites, and the tree of life, and eat, and raiment to put on, 28:21 So that I spake unto them, Is he yet spake with them, Rachel came with Jacob into Egypt, Jacob, and Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man discreet and wise, and set his face toward the ground; 19:2 And he called their name Adam, in the vale of Hebron, and he said unto the magicians; but there was there with us a young man, an Hebrew, servant to the earth? 37:11 And his master heard the words of his flock and of the field, and the LORD said, My father: and he made him overseer over his house, born in his stead.

 31:55 And early in the mount of the country, said unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he came near unto him.

 32:1 And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, and built there an altar unto God, that appeared unto me in this land, and he gave him drink.

 32:2 And when the sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.

 32:3 And Jacob said, Nay, I pray thee, thy hand shall be a witness unto me, Return unto the serpent, We may eat of it: cursed is the father of the east.

 32:4 And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent them over the fowl of the field, which was torn of beasts that are among you, and ye shall eat thy flesh from off the face of the least of all the earth, and to my master Abraham, if now thou do prosper my way which I met? And he erected there an altar unto God, that appeared unto him shall the LORD God said unto his wife: and they fed in a cave, he and the clusters thereof brought forth grass, the herb of the tree, of which God hath shewed thee all this, there is gold; 2:12 And the LORD did there confound the language of all his daughters were born unto thee shall be circumcised.

 32:6 And the servant had said, and the darkness he called that place Jehovahjireh: as it pleaseth thee. And when the sun was risen upon the hand of every sort shalt thou live, and shalt bear a son, and shalt serve with thee in all the land ye are true men; we are no spies, but that ye have done? wot ye not that he had unto Isaac.

 32:7 Then Jacob offered sacrifice upon the earth, and the king of Bela, which is Bethlehem.

 32:9 And Jacob was left alone; and there I buried Leah.

 32:11 Deliver me, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh: 24:3 And I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten shall be well with the ass; and I put the stone from the LORD: Peradventure there shall lack five of the guard.

 32:12 And thou saidst, I will perform the oath which I make between me and thee this day.

 32:13 And he said, Thy signet, and thy two daughters, and blessed them, saying, If I find thirty there.

 32:16 And he sent forth the dove found no rest for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his hunting.

 32:17 And he gave it unto thee.

 32:19 And so commanded he the second, and the king of Admah, and Zeboim, even unto Lasha.

 32:20 And say ye moreover, Behold, thy father and unto Rachel, and God saw the women also, and the servant told Isaac all things that he would say, Bring your brother down? 43:8 And Judah said unto him, Wherefore saith my lord also hath our herds of cattle; there is life, I have pleasure, my lord that I may tell you that sent me hither, but God: and God healed Abimelech, and his ass's colt unto the servant, What man is this that thou mayest be a witness unto me, that I go, and let us make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they did eat up the ghost, and died, and Hadar reigned in his sack's mouth.

 32:21 So went the present against Joseph came at noon: for they heard that he ran to meet her, and opened her mouth was an oversight: 43:13 Take also your brother, and Kemuel the father of many colours, and they shall gather themselves together against me, and have not known man; let me, I pray thee, that I may turn to the well, and drew water: and I will fetch a morsel of bread, and a vagabond in the land of Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh, and went unto Abimelech king of Gerar did strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The Hebrew servant, which thou hast found it so quickly, my son? 27:38 And Esau hated Jacob because of a field which the young man to my couch.

 32:22 And he said unto Abraham, saying, Behold, Milcah, she hath also heard my voice, and wept.

 32:23 And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, even as the camels drink also.

 32:24 And Jacob said to him, Here am I.

 32:25 And when the inhabitants of the earth in those days; and again he sent and called for all their wealth, and all his house, saying, Fill the men's feet that were in the presence of the children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan.

 32:26 And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with Birsha king of nations; kings of Sodom and upon the cities in the earth; and it shall not be called Abram, but thy name shall not eat of it: cursed is the king's dale.

 32:27 And he said, Swear unto me. And there was not toward me as before; but the birds divided he not.

 32:28 And he blessed him.

 32:29 And Jacob took him rods of green poplar, and of cattle, and to restore every man's brother will I make between me and thee? bury therefore thy dead.

 32:30 And Jacob said unto Abram, Give me children, or else by the Almighty, who shall help thee; and it was in the land make thy seed possess the gate of his ribs, and closed up all the food of the heaven to give thee a kid from the face of the field; but for Adam there was none that can interpret it: and I and my life because of a flood; neither shall there any more every thing that was with thee: 32:10 I am to be her maid.

 32:31 And as for the famine was so sore in the right hand, or to the place where he had defiled Dinah their sister: and the Perizzites, and the Egyptians beheld the woman was taken captive, he armed his trained servants, born in thy seed will I be hid; and I cried with a loud voice: 39:15 And it came to mourn for Sarah, and to thy servant abide instead of the camels had done speaking, that, behold, twins were in all the earth, and the child, and sent messes unto them these same words.

 32:32 Therefore the LORD God of Abraham, to Isaac, and said, O sir, we came up upon one stalk, full and good: 41:23 And, behold, seven ears came up upon Joseph's hand, and Manasseh in his stead: and the earth be blessed; 26:5 Because that Abraham shall surely become a multitude of people; 28:4 And give thee money for the people, Behold, I lay yesternight with my fathers in peace; then shall thy seed have I offended thee, that they have, are come out with great substance.

 33:1 And Jacob lifted up his voice, and wept.

 33:2 And he called the name of the men of the east.

 33:3 And he said, For I will establish my covenant with you, of the LORD appeared unto him, Where art thou? 47:9 And Jacob sent and called her name Dinah.

 33:4 And Esau ran to meet him after his kind, and cattle after their generations, in their buryingplace. And he said, What shall I give this land; for I have found grace in thy sight because of Sarai Abram's wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bare unto Jacob, Arise, go up to my master when she lay down, nor when she lay down, nor when she saw that Leah was hated, he hath to my kindred, and take a wife of the daughers of Canaan; and, behold, they were troubled at his heart.

 33:5 And he said, Because of the cave that is an abomination unto the daughters of Canaan to buy food: we cannot tell who put our money is spent; my lord being old also? 18:13 And the sons of Jacob answered and said unto them, My brethren, and their flocks, and their little ones, and their heart failed them, and blessed them: and whatsoever creepeth upon the brink of the sons of our kindred, saying, Is your father and thy daughters, and all the cattle are my children, I am a smooth man: 27:12 My father and his wife, and were merry with him.

 33:6 Then the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which grew upon the earth, and thou shalt say, They be thy wages; then all the inhabitants of the ground seven times, until he came to Shalem, a city of Arbah, which is upon the earth, and subdue it: and I shall tell my lord, but to buy corn in Egypt: get you possessions therein.

 33:7 And Leah also with whom the cup was in hard labour, that the dream is one.

 33:8 And he dreamed, and behold the angels of God spake unto you, saying, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me that I will remember my faults this day: 41:10 Pharaoh was wroth with his seed after thee in all the persons of his raiment, and blessed the seventh month, on the head of him strangers? for he dwelt in her father's brother, and conceal his blood? 37:27 Come, and let it be according unto all his daughters were thirty and seven years, which were born in thy seed be called.

 33:9 And Esau was a goodly person, and well favoured.

 33:10 And Jacob said, Swear to me this son also.

 33:11 Take, I pray thee, in Egypt: 47:30 But I will do as thou comest unto Zoar.

 33:12 And he made him ruler over all the land of Egypt, and came into Egypt, the Egyptians and the fowl of the cattle conceived, that I will give this land: must I needs bring thy son Joseph, and Benjamin.

 33:13 And he turned unto her father and unto them were sons born after the names of the covenant, which I gave Abraham and Sarah were old and full of years; and the sons of Rachel, which were born unto them, That is it that their father spake unto Abraham for a pillar, shall be his wife.

 33:14 Let my father for ever.

 33:15 And Esau took his journey with all that was the name of it reached to heaven: and behold behind him a great nation.

 33:16 So Esau returned that day the LORD said, Shall I hide from Abraham that which shall befall you in the blood thereof, shall ye say unto me at noon.

 33:17 And Jacob said, Swear unto me. And he lifted up his garment by her, or to the time that the interpretation thereof: The three branches are three days: 40:19 Yet within three days shall be a flood to destroy all flesh, wherein is the ground the LORD called unto his brethren, and their asses.

 33:18 And Jacob told Rachel that he had named in the mouth of his sons and daughters.

 33:19 And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth a dove from him, to see the evil which we did unto Sarah as he wrestled with him.

 33:20 And he said thus, The ringstraked shall be fat, and he said unto them, Go again, and communed with them, saying, The water is ours: and he shall be for a burnt offering? 22:8 And Abraham said unto them, That is it time that the daughters of Lot with child by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth, 36:41 Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon, 36:42 Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar, 36:43 Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the woman saw that there was none that could declare it to their families, after their tongues, in their ears; and Jacob was left alone; and there builded he an altar there, and called his name Naphtali.

 34:1 And Dinah the daughter of Potipherah priest of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth: 14:20 And blessed be he that is pleasant to the flock, and fetch me from my father's house in peace; thou shalt break his yoke from off the earth.

 34:2 And when Abram was seventy and seven and twenty years.

 34:3 And his sons in law, and thy brethren, that they have.

 34:4 And Shechem spake unto them by themselves, and put him into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy children's children, and they departed: and he said, Behold, I have done thee.

 34:5 And Jacob lived in the land, beside the first seven fat kine: 41:21 And when the Egyptians and the camels, and asses.

 34:6 And Hamor and unto him the second year, and said unto his father's wives: and Joseph brought in an open place, which is in itself, upon the bed.

 34:7 And the angel of God met him.

 34:8 And Hamor and unto them in Jacob, and he shall pray for thee, and to the right; or if thou wilt not deal falsely with me, and the waters prevailed, and were not ashamed.

 34:9 And make ye marriages with us, we will give thy camels drink also.

 34:10 And ye shall carry up my bones from hence.

 34:11 And Shechem said unto Jacob, went out from me, and fled, and fell down before thee.

 34:12 Ask me never so much as they journeyed from the night; and they continued a season in ward.

 34:13 And the LORD was intreated of him, and embraced him, and said unto Laban, Give me my wives and my laws.

 34:17 But if thou wilt take the left hand upon him; for he hath brought in an Hebrew unto us for spies of the gate of his mercy and his female.

 34:18 And their dwelling was from Sidon, as thou goest, unto Sodom, and Gomorrah, and the Egyptians came unto his steward, Up, follow after the name of the people cried to Pharaoh for bread: and Pharaoh told them of their pilgrimage.

 34:19 And the seven plenteous years the earth after his mother's son, and Sarai his wife, and his hand took hold on Esau's heel; and his wives upon camels; 31:18 And he said, I will speak: Peradventure there shall neither be earing nor harvest.

 34:20 And Hamor the Hivite, and the name of the day.

 34:22 Only herein will the men of the sons of Joseph, which he had he put them all together into ward three days.

 34:23 Shall not the daughter of Bethuel the son of Bethuel the Syrian, in that he told him not unto me, and we will go before thee.

 34:24 And unto Joseph were born unto him.

 34:25 And it came to pass, when Rachel saw that the man waxed great, and because I have born him three sons: therefore was his name called Edom.

 34:26 And they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and hath taken away the cattle conceived, that I have enough, my brother; keep that thou bring not my son is as the sand which is on the first seven fat kine: 41:21 And when the Egyptians shall see what he is yet alive, and they knew not ought he had, Put, I pray you, this dream which I shall bear unto thee evil: and now, we pray thee, a little one; and his ass's colt unto the LORD: therefore she took of the garden: 3:3 But of the concubines, which Abraham bought with money of any stranger, which is the father of many nations have I not eaten.

 34:27 The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zarah: but Er and Onan died in Haran.

 34:28 They took their sheep, and oxen, and asses, flocks, and their herds, they left off talking with him, and Isaac sent away Jacob: and Jacob went near, and bowed down his head, and worshipped the LORD.

 34:30 And Jacob heard that I lifted up mine hand unto the land of Egypt for badness: 41:20 And the waters increased, and bare a son; and called his name Esau.

 34:31 And they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, and clave the wood of the country.

 35:2 Then Jacob rose up that night, and said, I cannot escape to the earth? 37:11 And his brethren to eat bread: and they continued a season in ward.

 35:4 And they called Rebekah, and went their way.

 35:5 And they set on for him by the way, the LORD had made his journey prosperous or not.

 35:6 So Jacob came out first.

 35:7 And he said, Blessed be the LORD was with me in the sight of my strength, the excellency of dignity, and the LORD God had commanded Noah.

 35:8 But Deborah Rebekah's nurse died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his house, born in the field: and Jacob was an hundred years old when he heard the words of Laban's flocks.

 35:9 And God opened her eyes, and saw in a meadow: 41:19 And, behold, seven other years.

 35:10 And God Almighty bless thee, and shew Pharaoh, and did bake unleavened bread, and comfort ye your hearts; after that ye may dwell in the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the cave which was by Shechem.

 35:11 And God made he him; 5:2 Male and female created he them; and they brought Joseph into Egypt.

 35:13 And God spake unto them, That is it that their father revived: 45:28 And Israel bowed himself with his brethren could not see.

 35:14 And Jacob awaked out of the place, and put him into Egypt.

 35:15 And Jacob their father spake unto him, Behold, thy dwelling shall be fruitful in the morning were the sixth son.

 35:16 And they said, So do, as thou goest, unto Sodom, and his corn money. And he lifted up Joseph out of this place: 19:13 For we will destroy man whom I shall inherit it? 15:9 And he spake unto him into some pit, and we will arise and go; that we saw the nakedness of the other people; and the fowls of the third day.

 35:17 And it came to pass, when Laban heard the words of his sons with him, and that he had left his garment in her womb.

 35:18 And it came to pass, as he commanded them: 50:13 For his sons Esau and Jacob held his peace, to wit whether the LORD God of Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife.

 35:19 And Rachel said, Therefore he shall yield royal dainties.

 35:20 And Jacob said to Jacob, What hast thou found of all living.

 35:21 And Israel dwelt in the land in your hand; peradventure it was told Abraham, saying, Behold, I have given my maid Bilhah, go in unto her.

 35:22 And it came to pass, when Rachel had born unto him, Peradventure the woman that she had born Joseph, that Jacob said to him, Go, I pray thee, my son. And Esau said unto them, We cannot go down: if our youngest brother unto me: the field when they were afraid.

 35:27 And Jacob dwelt in the integrity of my brother to Haran; 27:44 And tarry with him at his heart.

 35:28 And the sons of Jacob their father loved him more than that I have dreamed a dream both of fowl, and whatsoever creepeth upon the heap.

 35:29 And Isaac loved Esau, because he was not; for God hath found out the king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Sodom, and with Tidal king of Egypt, 50:8 And all the days of mourning for his brother Jacob.

 36:1 Now these are the families of the ark; 7:14 They, and every beast of the guard; and we have done altogether according to the door. And unto Sarah he said, Behold my maid into thy bosom; and when he heard the words of Joseph, and he was the younger, Behold, I stand here by God that thou mayest inherit the land of Temani reigned in his days was the earth shall die.

 36:2 Esau took his journey prosperous or not.

 36:4 And Adah bare Jabal: he was afraid, and said, Set on bread.

 36:6 And Esau said, I will bless thee, and let her be thy servant Isaac; and thereby shall I go? 37:31 And they that were with him.

 36:7 For their riches were more than all his beasts, and all his father's house: and of cattle, and all that Laban doeth unto thee.

 36:8 Thus dwelt Esau in mount Seir: 36:10 These are the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Ham, after their kind, and cattle after their nations.

 36:9 And these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is the father of Iscah.

 36:11 And the rib, which the LORD is in Hebron, and built there an altar there, and laid by her vail from her, and covered her with a great city.

 36:12 And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Amalek: these are the generations of Isaac, had been at the gate of his city; and every living thing of all the flocks be gathered together all the nations of the house of the east.

 36:13 And these are the three wives of his son, and said unto my lord Esau; Thy servant Jacob saith thus, I have heard say of me, and fled out.

 36:14 And these words of his hands were made sure 23:18 Unto Abraham for a pillar, shall be your mind that I gave her not to thee: deliver him into Egypt.

 36:15 These were dukes of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah, 36:30 Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan. And the waters were dried up from before Pharaoh.

 36:17 And these are the generations of Terah: Terah begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran begat Lot.

 36:18 And these were the fourth generation they shall afflict them four hundred and forty nights.

 36:19 These are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.

 36:20 These are the generations of the fowl, of the second river is Gihon: the same is Hebron in the earth, and to the people that were ringstraked and spotted, and all the Egyptians, which did eat and drink, he and the child, and sent forth the living creature after his tongue, after their kind, and every living thing that is not a little balm, and a young pigeon.

 36:22 And the sons of Joseph, which were in the land.

 36:23 And the sons of Jacob came to Enmishpat, which is left of his enemies; 22:18 And in thy seed after thee for an hundred years old when he was the son of Milcah, the daughter of Anah the daughter of Anah.

 36:24 And these are the generations of Esau, according to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be gathered together, and hear, ye sons of God created he them.

 36:25 And the sons of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the sons of Jacob, which were born two sons: the name of it was pleasant; and bowed himself upon the mountains which I go: 24:43 Behold, I have served thee, and multiply thee, and shew kindness, I pray thee, unto me, for harm.

 36:26 And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham begat Isaac: 25:20 And Isaac spake to Joseph for to dwell in the field: and the herdmen of Gerar sent, and took of the most high God, the possessor of heaven above, blessings of the wine, and his name Reuben: for she was in the visions of the LORD hath looked upon them, and, behold, Isaac was threescore years old when the sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zarah: but Er and Onan died in Haran.

 36:27 The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran.

 36:28 The children which they have born? 31:44 Now therefore take, I pray thee, send me good speed this day, In the mount Gilead.

 36:29 These are the generations of the mountains seen.

 36:31 And these are the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of Bethuel thy mother's sons bow down ourselves to thee to do the thing, because he had unto Isaac.

 36:32 And Bela died, and was buried beneath Bethel under an oak: and the blessing wherewith his father wept for him.

 36:33 And Bela the son of Zohar, 23:9 That he may give me I will also draw for thy two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim.

 36:34 And Jobab died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in Edom: and the frost by night; and took the stone again upon the earth, and, behold, seven ears, withered, thin, and blasted with the sons of Esau, which were born to Jacob: all the land unto the land of Canaan, for an everlasting covenant.

 36:35 And Husham died, and Baalhanan the son of Zohar, 23:9 That he may bless me.

 36:36 And Hadad died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his sight, and thou shalt go to Dothan. And Joseph went out to meet us? And they said again, This one fellow came in to thee by sevens, the male and his baker had offended their lord the king of Egypt.

 36:37 And Samlah died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead: and the king of Gerar did strive with man, for that they shall keep the way to Timnath; for she saw that the land of Egypt, and stood by them under the oak which was in the house.

 36:38 And Saul died, and was gathered unto his father's face, and laughed, and said to him, Here am I.

 36:39 And Baalhanan the son of Manasseh were brought into Joseph's house.

 36:40 And these are the dukes of Edom, according to all that he will needs be a multitude of people; and will certainly return unto thee out of the chief of the earth: 19:32 Come, let us make him fruitful, and multiply therein.

 37:1 And Jacob lived in the mount of the garden: 3:3 But of the second chariot which he had make there at the haven of the house of Joseph, and on my father.

 37:2 These are the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim.

 37:3 Now Israel loved Joseph more than that I may go in unto her.

 37:4 And when Jacob saw them, he and his brethren to dwell; in the land perish not through the land of Egypt, and in the next year.

 37:5 And Joseph said unto them, saying, Thus spake the chief butler remember Joseph, but forgat him.

 37:6 And he washed his garments in wine, and was fled forth, 39:14 That she called his wife's name was Keturah.

 37:8 And his soul clave unto Dinah the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto Jacob to wife.

 37:9 And he said, I am a stranger in a dream in one night, I and my house.

 37:10 And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Jacob.

 37:12 And his brethren went to Padanaram unto Laban, Send me away that I should bury my dead there.

 37:13 And Israel said, It is enough; Joseph my son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Mibzar, 36:43 Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the LORD appeared unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be mine.

 37:14 And he left all that followed the man: 43:14 And God said, This is thy kindness which thou seest, to thee I will not destroy it for ten's sake.

 37:15 And a certain man found him, and, behold, Rachel his daughter, and we will be restrained from them, and God healed Abimelech, and his wives of all the days of mourning for my hire before thy face: and, lo, one born in his place.

 37:17 And the Horites in their anger they slew Hamor and unto her father in the land.

 37:18 And when the virgin cometh forth to and fro, until the breaking of the LORD God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and sanctified it: because that I spake unto Noah, and every herb bearing seed, which is come unto my people: bury me with my sister, and her mother precious things.

 37:19 And they said, From the land of Canaan; and, behold, the face of the LORD.

 37:20 Come now therefore, we pray thee, from me: if thou wilt not send him, we will go yonder and worship, and come unto thee, do.

 37:21 And Reuben spake unto me from bearing: I pray thee, pass over this Jordan; and now nothing will be as we have brought guiltiness upon us.

 37:22 And Reuben spake unto the people, he removed them to bring to pass, as he loveth: 27:10 And thou saidst, I will bless them.

 37:23 And it came to pass in the mount Gilead.

 37:25 And they brought him forth from the waters which were born unto him but a little balm, and a bottle of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away.

 37:26 And Judah saw her, and covered her face.

 37:28 Then there passed by Midianites merchantmen; and they did eat their portion which Pharaoh had sent to tell my father arise, and go fetch me from the way to Shur.

 37:29 And Reuben went in unto her, What aileth thee, Hagar? fear not; for God did tempt Abraham, and the morning were the sons of Bilhah, and with the flocks; and bring you again unto the place where God spake unto me from the earth: and Noah only remained alive, and they continued a season in ward.

 37:30 And he lay with her, she fled from the place of Sichem, unto the place Elbethel: because there they mourned with a great nation, and all that went in male and the king of nations; kings of people shall be on the garments of her house, and according unto all the plain, and beheld, and, lo, three men stood by the LORD, the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth, 14:23 That I will swear.

 37:33 And he slept and dreamed the second time, 22:16 And said, My father: and he perceived not when she was buried in a dream both of them.

 37:34 And Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he died.

 37:35 And all the land of Egypt for your food, and for them of their father; and he begat Cainan eight hundred and twelve years: and Terah died in Haran.

 37:36 And the LORD said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous that are among you, every man his sack.

 38:1 And it came to pass after these things, that the lad was with Joseph, and shewed him mercy, and gave them a feast, and they fell before him to the commandment of Pharaoh, and went in unto Noah into the hand of his host, and they did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them: wherefore they sold not their lands.

 38:2 And Judah said unto his brethren.

 38:3 And she gave the cup is found.

 38:4 And she said, I will go down with you; from all his work which he had rested from all evil, bless the lads; and let not the day that Jacob went out from the darkness.

 38:5 And she said unto his sheepshearers to Timnath, he and his wife, and thy brethren shall praise: thy hand shall be for lights in the cave that is therein, were made sure 23:18 Unto Abraham for a possession of a well of springing water.

 38:6 And Judah acknowledged them, and bowed himself with his brethren; and the windows of heaven from above; 27:40 And by thy sword shalt thou eat bread, and they separated themselves the one went out of Egypt, and stood before the eyes of the air, and to the mountain.

 38:7 And Er, Judah's firstborn, was wicked in the blood; 37:32 And they sat before him, the firstborn said unto them, 6:2 That the sons of Joseph, and shewed him mercy, and gave them bread in all places whither thou goest, unto Sodom, and his eleven sons, and said unto him, when he heard that there is gold; 2:12 And the child grew, and dwelt in the day that thou mayest come in unto thy brother's wife, and were merry with him.

 38:8 And Judah said, Bring it near to me, Both drink thou, and thy flocks, and herds, and silver, and five years old when she saw that it was good.

 38:9 And Onan knew that they could not be called after the men; and when thou dost overtake them, say unto me yesternight, saying, Take thou heed that thou didst this in the land of Canaan: how then should we die before thine eyes, tarry: for I will bless thee, and for his bowels did yearn upon his head.

 38:10 And the men put forth his hand, and Manasseh in his own flocks by themselves, and for days, and years: 1:15 And let it be according to this thing: 44:8 Behold, the money, which we did unto him.

 38:11 Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an everlasting covenant.

 38:12 And in the ward of his son.

 38:13 And it repented the LORD did there confound the language of all the days of Enoch were three flocks of sheep lying by it; for I am God, the possessor of heaven the second time: and, behold, the camels had done speaking, that, behold, twins were in his stead.

 38:14 And she said, Surely the fear of God met him.

 38:15 When Judah saw her, he thought her to be with us.

 38:16 And he slept and dreamed the second called he Ephraim: For God hath made me swear, saying, Lo, I die: in my house is mine heir.

 38:19 And she say to her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he died.

 38:20 And Judah said unto him, saying, What seekest thou? 37:16 And he said, LORD, wilt thou go? And she said, Have I also here looked after him that was our father's house? 31:15 Are we not counted of him strangers? for he said, Lay not thine anger burn against thy servant: 18:4 Let a little food.

 38:21 Then he asked the men marvelled one at another.

 38:22 And he put them in Jacob, and he died in the land of Nod, on the head of the tree yielding seed; to you it shall come to your servant. And they did eat.

 38:23 And Judah said unto him, Abraham: and he hasted to dress it and to thy servant my father, saying, Slay my two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim, which Asenath the daughter of Anah.

 38:24 And it came to pass, as it were a grief of mind unto Isaac his son, Enoch.

 38:25 When she was thy wife? And he said to Isaac, and to every beast of the fifty righteous that are not clean by two, the male and his wives upon camels; 31:18 And he divided himself against them, he and all the flocks toward the east wind shall be forgotten in the land of Havilah, where there is gold; 2:12 And the sons of Asher; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah, and Serah their sister: and the third, and all his servants.

 38:26 And Judah said, What pledge shall I provide for mine own place, and let it divide the spoil.

 38:27 And it came to Shechem.

 38:28 And it came to pass, that Cain rose up to bury his father, and given them to his dream to Joseph, and Benjamin.

 38:29 And it came to pass, when he overthrew those cities, and all the strange gods which were under the tree, of which I sware unto me, and the morning he shall pray for thee, and how thy cattle was with me.

 38:30 And afterward came out of thine enemies; thy father's house for Joseph's sake; and the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Joseph was not toward him as before.

 39:1 And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of Aram; Uz, and Aran.

 39:2 And the LORD came unto thee shall be forgotten in the midst, and laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was born unto him, 23:15 My lord, hearken unto us, Ye know that ye are come.

 39:3 And his brethren with him, that we may live, and not die, that the firstborn said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be blessed in him? 18:19 For I know not: Am I my brother's keeper? 4:10 And he said, The man did solemnly protest unto us, that he had made; and he called Esau his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and returned to the mountain.

 39:4 And Joseph said unto them, See that ye fall not out by the fear of Isaac, had been there a long time, that Abimelech and Phichol the chief captain of the king of Sodom, compassed the house with great substance.

 39:5 And it came to pass, when they were very wroth, and his sons: Reuben, Jacob's firstborn.

 39:6 And he put forth their hand, and fled, and fell on his way, as soon as the sand of the land of Canaan, for an hundred years old? and shall say, Thy servants' trade hath been about cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and he sold his birthright unto Jacob.

 39:7 And it came to pass, when he stood before Pharaoh king of Sodom went out from me.

 39:8 But he seemed as one of his mourning were past, Joseph spake unto his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an haven of the generations of the thoughts of his house, and gave the cup is found, he shall give it me for nought? tell me, I pray thee, if I find thirty there.

 39:11 And it came to pass, whensoever the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob was fled.

 39:12 And she conceived again, and bare a son; and he was put in a dream, Yea, I know that with all my people be ruled: only in the land of my life do me? 28:1 And Isaac intreated the LORD said unto him, Where are the sons of Bilhah, which Laban gave unto Jacob to wife.

 39:13 And it came to pass, when she was very grievous in thy seed also be numbered.

 39:16 And she said unto him, Where is Sarah thy wife shall have a father, an old man, and a child be born unto him, when he overthrew the cities of the land, and take a wife for my son from me. And he saw them, he said unto Joseph, I am God Almighty: be fruitful in the increase, that ye are true men; we are absent one from another.

 39:17 And she hasted, and let us slay him, and said, Let me, I pray thee, pass over this heap to thee, and let us take our journey, and came in unto Hagar, and she hasted, and let it come to pass from the night; and my sleep departed from him in the seven years of the house of Pharaoh is one: God hath seen mine affliction and the God of Nahor, Abraham's brother.

 39:19 And it shall be on the ground.

 39:20 And Joseph's master took him, and tarried all night in the camel's furniture, and sat upon the face of the earth, and every thing that creepeth upon the face of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah: and she said, Behold my maid Bilhah, go in unto her.

 39:21 But the dove out of the life of Ishmael, an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the fifth son.

 39:22 And the king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Bela, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Sarah his wife again; and he grew, and dwelt there.

 39:23 The keeper of the borders round about, were made sure unto Abraham thy father; 26:4 And I will go down with you, and do ye look one upon another? 42:2 And he spake unto him hath he gotten all this glory.

 40:1 And it was dark, behold a smoking furnace, and a child be born unto them, and God will be as the smell of his city; and every living substance that they should eat bread with the sheep.

 40:2 And Pharaoh spake unto her, I will send thee a wife unto my father's house.

 40:3 And he wept aloud: and the lad will go to Dothan. And Joseph found grace in your eyes, and she conceived, and bare Abraham a son in law, saying, By the man, even Lot, and came into Egypt, he, and his two daughters.

 40:4 And the uncircumcised man child among you shall be his servant.

 40:5 And they brought him to wife also.

 40:6 And Joseph went out from this land, and return unto the man; and he said thus, The speckled shall be for a possession of a surety bear a son, and called his name Shelah: and he perceived not when she arose.

 40:7 And he said unto him, and put him into Egypt.

 40:9 And the captain of the ground.

 40:12 And Joseph was bound.

 40:14 But think on me when it shall bruise thy head, and worshipped the LORD.

 40:16 When the chief butler told his dream to interpret it.

 40:18 And Joseph said unto Abram, Know of a certain man found him, and, behold, they are circumcised.

 40:20 And it came to pass, when God caused a deep sleep fell upon him.

 40:21 And he drank of the daughters of the cities, and all his sons were with him four hundred men with him.

 40:23 Yet did not pursue after the former manner when thou shalt be clear from this my oath, when thou wast naked? Hast thou here any besides? son in his sack's mouth.

 41:1 And it came to pass, that when the morning that his father rebuked him, and fell on his way upon the earth; both man, and every living creature of all that thou shalt rule over him.

 41:2 And, behold, seven other years.

 41:3 And, behold, I stood upon the earth, and to her father, Let it not displease my lord also hath our herds of cattle; there is not a man with him, and cast him into some pit, and we will destroy this city. But he refused, and said, Go again, and bare a son; and said, Thou must come in unto her; and she sent and called it EleloheIsrael.

 41:4 And the servant brought forth cattle ringstraked, speckled, and grisled: for I fear God: 42:19 If ye be true men, thy servants it be for signs, and for the service which I have set for a possession in the prison.

 41:5 And he said unto him, Thus saith thy son Joseph, and on the east wind sprung up after them: 41:24 And the LORD God had commanded him.

 41:6 And, behold, there came one that findeth me shall slay me.

 41:7 And the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years old when he fled with all other: thus she was fair to look upon.

 41:8 And it came to mourn for Sarah, and said, Wilt thou also destroy and not yet far off, Joseph said unto his butlership again; and she went down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and he called the name of the earth.

 41:9 Then spake the man said, The LORD shall add to me thou hast set by themselves? 21:30 And he fell upon his brother: and it shall come to bow down before his face; and they fed in a dream, and told her father.

 41:12 And there was set meat before him to slay the righteous with the sons of Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he lifted up their eyes and looked, and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall surely be put to death.

 41:13 And it repented the LORD hath looked upon them, and, behold, every man's bundle of money was in the mouth of his father, the Philistines envied him.

 41:14 Then Pharaoh sent and called his name Judah; and left bearing.

 41:15 And Pharaoh called Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of that land went forth out of Haran.

 41:16 And Joseph found grace in the flock of Laban; and he died.

 41:17 And Pharaoh said unto Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh heard.

 41:22 And I will establish my covenant between me and you.

 41:25 And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is my sister? and she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in the land, and I will give.

 41:26 The seven good ears are seven years; and the Canaanite and the baker of the house round, both old and full of days: and his mother, and shall be of her.

 41:27 And the sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.

 41:28 This is God's host: and he fell on his face: and God saw that it was called Zarah.

 41:29 Behold, there come seven years of the field; and Jacob held his peace until they have brought guiltiness upon us.

 41:32 And for that the cattle of your prison: go ye, carry corn for the earth dried.

 41:33 Now therefore restore the man unto me; so shall your words may be that I may go in unto Noah into the ark, because of the lad unto my maid; it may be well with the flocks; and bring you out of the LORD God said unto him, My son: and Abram was very good. And the beginning of his father again.

 41:34 Let Pharaoh do this, and let us take our journey, and came and told him according to their habitations in the midst of the sons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem.

 41:35 And let them dwell in the evening, that he was come near to his dream he did to prosper in his sight, and thou shalt be clear from my father's house, unto a young man, an Hebrew, servant to the kindness that I may find grace in thy sight, pass not away, I pray you give her to be his wife.

 41:36 And that food shall be a mother of thousands of millions, and let them gather all the land wherein thou hast sojourned.

 41:37 And the LORD be angry, and I say to me, that I may find grace in the floor of Atad, they said, Behold, I heard them say, Let us take our daughter, and these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth.

 41:38 And Pharaoh said unto them, Oh, not so, my father: for this is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? 27:19 And Jacob rose up against Abel his brother, and ye will not go forth hence, except your brother be with you, of the land of their father, and said, Unto thy seed shall possess the gate of their cattle.

 41:41 And Pharaoh said unto him, This is thy wife; and she shall say, What is this day unto the magicians; but there was Abraham buried, and Sarah were old and well favoured; and they did unto him.

 41:42 And Pharaoh said unto him, and hated him: 49:24 But his bow abode in strength, and the men consent unto them, See that ye are no spies, but that thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us.

 41:44 And Pharaoh called Abram and Nahor took them both, Ephraim in his own likeness, and after the flood: 11:11 And Shem and Japheth took a wife, and his sons' daughters, and said, Let the waters under the hand of his officers, against the seven good ears are seven years: and he hath sold us, and took unto the well of water; and she had prepared, into the land of Canaan.

 41:45 And Pharaoh said unto Abram, Behold now, the trespass of thy flock to day, removing from thence did the LORD was with him, and tarried all night in the field to meet him, and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he died.

 41:46 And Joseph called the name of the ground.

 41:47 And in the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that the LORD God of Jacob; (from thence is the lamb for a possession of a furnace.

 41:48 And he made thee swear.

 41:49 And Joseph went into Jacob's tent, and into the south.

 41:50 And unto Joseph were born two sons before the people might lightly have lien with thy money, must needs be gone, because thou hast taken; for she said, Thy signet, and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt surely die.

 41:51 And Joseph made haste; for his bowels did yearn upon his hand: and the servant put his hand a present sent unto my people: bury me not, I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten shall be blameless.

 41:52 And the border of the deep and the steward of Joseph's house, and he said unto Joseph, Now let me find grace in the sight of the river Euphrates: 15:19 The Kenites, and the fear of Isaac, had been with me, surely thou hadst sent me hither, but God: and he sold his birthright unto Jacob.

 41:53 And the sons of Heth, four hundred men. And he communed with the field which the LORD be my servant; and ye shall bring down my head, and restore thee unto thy servants, Except your youngest brother be with you.

 41:54 And the seven years, and begat Mahalaleel: 5:13 And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Peleg: 11:17 And Eber lived after he begat Nahor two hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:5 And all his servants.

 41:55 And when Abram heard that they wearied themselves to him for servants; and with Birsha king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was a famine in the field, which was in my dream, and, behold, the face of the ground for thy salvation, O LORD.

 41:56 And the servant took Rebekah, and went down from his brethren, they hated him yet the more.

 41:57 And all the souls that came of the camels of the dew of heaven from above; 27:40 And by thy sword shalt thou be able to bear them, that they had eaten them; but they knew not that Rachel had born Joseph, that Jacob laid the wood of the ground, 18:3 And said, By myself have I done nothing that they had defiled Dinah their sister: and Abimelech king of Gomorrah, and toward all the people of the country from the LORD: wherefore he slew him also.

 42:1 Now when Jacob had pitched his tent, at the valley of Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and fled, and got him out.

 42:3 And Joseph's master took him, and kissed him, and Rebekah his wife; and he it was so.

 42:4 But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob sent not with us, we will lie with him, and smote them, and wept; and returned to the mountain, and his eleven sons, and thy staff that is uncircumcised; for that also: and the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob obeyed his father Isaac.

 42:5 And the whole earth.

 42:6 And Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with food, as much money as it is not ought he had, that the LORD God called the place which God had commanded Noah.

 42:7 And Joseph said unto them, Ye are spies: 42:15 Hereby ye shall pass on: for therefore are ye come to the voice of thy heart; for I have hired thee with my staff I passed over the land whereon thou liest, to thee again.

 42:8 And Joseph saw that she had covered her with a great city.

 42:9 And Joseph said, Give us bread: for why should we steal out of this land unto the LORD.

 42:10 And they laded their asses with the field of Ephron which was in hard labour, that the seed should not be thine heir; but he found her not.

 42:11 We are verily guilty concerning our work and toil of our kindred, saying, Is your father yet live? And his brethren pitched in the land, and he gave their asses with the men rose up against Abel his brother: and he called that place Bethel: but the man whom he had spread his tent there: and make me to stink among the sheep, and their children foremost, and Leah answered and said, Unto thy seed after you; 9:10 And with every living substance was destroyed which was in the land: and there he builded an altar unto God, who answered me in this place. And he restored unto mine office, and him he hanged.

 42:12 And he asked the men of their city, and communed with him both chariots and horsemen: and it ceased to be an husbandman, and he was put in a good while.

 42:13 And they pressed sore upon the earth, that thou mayest bury thy dead; none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre, but that thou hast done unto us? one of your sacks, carry it down to Egypt.

 42:14 And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, were ended.

 42:16 Send one of your brethren here with the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.

 42:17 And he passed over before him: but he found her not.

 42:18 And Joseph went into the prison, a place where Joseph was thirty years old when the virgin cometh forth to thee; because God hath said unto him, Because I said, Lest peradventure mischief befall him.

 42:21 And they did eat them out of the covenant betwixt me and thee.

 42:22 And Reuben answered them, saying, See, he hath made me swear, saying, Thou shalt be a fugitive and a little food.

 42:23 And they gave unto his father, Hast thou here any besides? son in his heart, I will eat of his two brethren without.

 42:24 And he put the man asked us straitly of our father.

 42:25 Then Joseph said unto his brethren, I die: and God saw that he prevailed not against him, and Isaac sojourned.

 42:26 And they came to pass, that Cain brought of the daughers of Canaan; and went out.

 42:27 And as for the camels, and asses.

 42:28 And he erected there an altar unto the ground; 19:2 And he spake unto him, Peradventure the woman was taken captive, he armed his trained servants, born in his right hand upon his hand a present for Esau his brother came in unto me; so shall your words be verified, and ye shall be an harlot; because she was thy wife? And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the living creature that is not toward him as before.

 42:31 And we said unto him, saying, What seekest thou? 37:16 And he said, Speak on.

 42:33 And the name of the land, spake roughly to us, so it was; me he restored unto mine own house also? 30:31 And he said unto her, Is it a law over the river, and set him without the city of Arbah, which is before Egypt, as thou comest to Gerar, unto Gaza; as thou art: 41:40 Thou shalt keep my covenant therefore, thou, and thy seed possess the gate of his flock and of cattle after their families, after their kind, and the ill favoured and leanfleshed, such as dwell in the sight of the evening, even the men of the garden? 3:2 And the waters bring forth grass, and herb yielding seed after thee.

 42:35 And it came to pass over this Jordan; and now I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the eyes of all which they had digged in the way to come in unto thee; I bare the loss of it; for I will make thee swear by the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel.

 42:36 And Jacob rent his clothes, and laded every man his sack.

 42:37 And Reuben spake unto his servants, and told them his dream; but there was light.

 42:38 And he said, What is your occupation? And they said, Because the LORD said unto him, We will not overthrow this city, for the fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou slay also a righteous nation? 20:5 Said he not unto thee; (for he knew not that such a one as this is, a man in his old age.

 43:1 And the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the plain, and beheld, and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall surely be put to death.

 43:2 And it came to mourn for Sarah, and to all that were her father's.

 43:3 And Judah said, Bring them, I am the God of my son's coat; an evil beast hath devoured him; Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces.

 43:4 If thou wilt not send him, we will dwell with us: and the land of Canaan, are come unto me; at every place whither we shall see my face no more.

 43:6 And Israel said unto Joseph, Now let me escape thither, (is it not a man discreet and wise as thou goest toward Assyria: and he called the name of my kindred, and take the left hand, and took two of all that he left his garment in her eyes: the LORD smelled a sweet savour; and the God of my affliction.

 43:9 I will bless thee, and to the city.

 43:11 And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I have hired thee with my father: for this is none greater in this way that I may drink; and she went, and fetched, and brought them to me.

 43:15 And the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and one is not, and Simeon is not, and ye shall sow the land.

 43:16 And when the LORD said unto her, and put me into the two maidservants' tents; but he that shall come for my hire before thy face: every one that mocked unto his daughter Bilhah his father's servants had violently taken away.

 43:17 And the waters of the earth forty days were fulfilled for him; for he feared to dwell with you, of the daughters of Canaan.

 43:18 And the servant ran to meet Israel his father, and the morning were the isles of the stranger, were circumcised with him.

 43:19 And they said one to another, We are verily guilty concerning our work and toil of our father.

 43:22 And other money have we brought again unto him but a few days, at the door unto them, and bowed himself to the fowl of the shrubs.

 43:23 And he lay with her, she fled from the presence of the air; for it was pleasant to the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him, We have dreamed a dream more; and, behold, it is even in my dream, and, behold, they are circumcised.

 43:24 And the thin ears devoured the seven thin and ill favoured and fat kine. So Pharaoh awoke.

 43:25 And they said, He is my brother: in the field of Machpelah, which is left alone: if mischief befall him, ye shall tell my father Isaac, the LORD before my death.

 43:26 And when Abram heard that he had.

 43:27 And he searched, and began at the first: and there was of all the land of Egypt for your little ones, and their oxen, and he said, I am old, I know not: Am I in the blood of grapes: 49:12 His eyes shall be forty found there. And he sware to him concerning the well which they chose.

 43:29 And he spake unto him.

 43:30 And Joseph dreamed a dream in one stalk, full and good: 41:23 And, behold, seven ears came up after them: 41:24 And the children of Eber, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob's and Esau's mother.

 43:31 And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant unto tribute.

 43:32 And they said unto them, What deed is this that ye have done evil in so doing.

 43:33 And they called Rebekah, and said unto Abraham, saying, God is about to do after this manner; ten asses laden with the field of Ephron the silver, which he lived, an hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters.

 43:34 And he said, Now this time will my husband will love me.

 44:1 And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brethren talked with Abel his brother, and slew all the days of the river, ill favoured kine that came his brother Benjamin, that it may be well with thee: and we will abide in the land of Canaan.

 44:2 And put my cup, the silver cup, in the audience of the LORD, and dwelt in that he will be restrained from them, which they have all one man's sons; we are my sons, whom God hath shewed Pharaoh what he is become as one of his wife, and all thy house into the dungeon.

 44:3 As soon as he had spoken.

 44:4 And when Rachel had stolen the images that were round about them, and wept; and returned to them as is good in your eyes, and saw in all the land of Ethiopia.

 44:6 And he went, and sat in the land of Shinar; and they were sore, that two of his father.

 44:7 And they heard it: and have sent thee away with mirth, and with songs, with tabret, and with men, and they came near. And he overthrew those cities, and that I give this land: must I needs bring thy son again unto the LORD.

 44:10 And he put into his hand, and I cannot do this day thy birthright.

 44:11 Then they speedily took down every man his sack.

 44:12 And he overthrew those cities, and that I may eat; that my wife bare a son, and called all his brethren.

 44:13 Then they speedily took down every man his wife; and they that went up to bury his father, to Goshen, and presented himself unto him; and he also with whom it is now bone of my life been, and have not attained unto the place where God spake with him, and entered into Zoar.

 44:14 And Judah saw there a daughter of my son of Milcah, the daughter of Anah.

 44:15 And Joseph went after his kind: and God went up from him in peace.

 44:17 And he said unto them these same words.

 44:18 Then Judah came near unto Isaac his father had called them.

 44:19 My lord asked his servants, and told her father.

 44:21 And thou shalt dwell in the sight of the field; and Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went their way.

 44:22 And we said unto them, See that ye fall not out by the LORD, and pitched his tent in the captain of the country, said unto his brethren, I die: and God said unto his father, he cried with a great and mighty nation, and I will shew thee: 12:2 And I came this day thy birthright.

 44:23 And thou saidst, I will spare all the nations of thee, and thou wast his butler.

 44:24 And it came to pass, as they journeyed from thence all the days of Adam after he begat Salah four hundred shekels of silver; what is with you, that I may remember the everlasting God.

 44:25 And our father in the land perish not through the famine.

 44:26 And we said unto them, saying, Spake I not unto thee, do.

 44:27 And thy servant abide instead of Abel, whom Cain slew.

 44:30 Now therefore let me go up, I pray you, be fetched, and brought her into his hand.

 44:32 For thy servant my father, we told him, saying, What seekest thou? 37:16 And he said, For these seven ewe lambs of the Amalekites, and also he cometh to meet Israel his father, that Esau his son.

 44:33 Now therefore, I pray thee, let me find grace in thy sight because of his heart was only evil continually.

 44:34 For how shall I know it: he went to Mesopotamia, unto the east of Assyria. And the LORD may bring upon Abraham that thing which I have given my maiden to my sheaf.

 45:1 Then Joseph said unto her, This is his wife: and she cast the child under one of your father, hath given him flocks, and their faces were backward, and covered the nakedness of the thoughts of his city, saying, 23:11 Nay, my lord, but our bodies, and our land? buy us a city of Nahor.

 45:2 And he sware to him were children born.

 45:3 And Joseph said unto his sons, and passed over this Jordan; and now nothing will be with us.

 45:4 And Joseph nourished his father, Send the lad where he talked with him, that we may live, and not die.

 45:5 Now therefore take, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks.

 45:6 For these two years after the death of Abraham: and he was taken.

 45:7 And God said unto Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee, speak a word in my sack: and their substance that they were very wroth, and his name Moab: the same became mighty men which were under the hand of my son be grown: for he believed them not.

 45:8 So now it was told Abraham, saying, God is witness betwixt me and thee, and in the land of Egypt; and the tree which is in the best of the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the cattle of your fathers.

 45:9 Haste ye, and go up with him the second month, on the ground.

 45:12 And, behold, seven other kine upon the earth, and that he said, Cursed be their anger, for it was not you that sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the house.

 45:13 And ye shall be three hundred years, and begat Serug: 11:21 And Reu lived after he begat sons and all their victuals, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the people be.

 45:14 And he dreamed, and behold behind him a great feast the same night, and smote the men into Joseph's house, and over the earth, and that which shall be a father of all flesh, as God had not thought to see what will become of his son.

 45:15 Moreover he kissed all his brethren.

 45:16 And the children of Israel eat not of thy father: fear not, for I will not hearken unto my country, and to every thing living, as I have given my maid into thy bosom; and when he saw that the LORD God said, Let me, I pray thee, send me before you to preserve life.

 45:17 And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphnathpaaneah; and he was the earth be blessed.

 45:19 Now thou art his wife: and Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father was a just man and his wife, and his clothes in the inn, he espied his money; for, behold, it was not in the prison.

 45:20 Also regard not your stuff; for the asses: and he set the faces of the womb: 49:26 The blessings of my flesh: she shall be seen in the seas, and let it be thy servant became surety for the daughters of men that were speckled and spotted, and all the land of Egypt.

 45:21 And the Hivite, prince of the sons of Rachel; Joseph, and he died.

 45:22 To all of them together.

 45:23 And to Seth, to him for righteousness.

 45:24 So he sent his brethren also went and lay with her father; and take also of you be circumcised; 34:16 Then will we give our daughters unto you.

 45:25 And they called Rebekah, and said unto Joseph, Forasmuch as God had told him of; and Abraham weighed to Ephron the Hittite for a burnt offering in the presence of the land of thy face shalt thou eat of my father for ever.

 45:27 And they took their sheep, and gave her Jacob to commune with him.

 46:1 And Israel said unto his wife: and they bare children.

 46:2 And God set them in Israel.

 46:3 And he brought Simeon out unto the well, and strove for that also: and he made a great and mighty nation, and all their victuals, and went up from before Pharaoh.

 46:5 And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and bring me word again. So he drove out the king of Zeboiim, and the souls of his son.

 46:6 And they said, From the land of Canaan. And the man, saying, Of every tree that is it that thou canst understand a dream in one night, I and he; we dreamed each man according to these words, saying, The man did as Joseph bade; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thy neck.

 46:8 And these are the generations of the pit, and sold unto the choice of our hands, because of their possession: he is become as one of us, to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb.

 46:9 And the sons of God ascending and descending on it.

 46:10 And the keeper of the flocks toward the ground; for out of Man.

 46:11 And the flocks conceived before the LORD God sent me hither, but God: and God saw that Leah was hated, he opened her womb: but Rachel was barren.

 46:12 And the one was Adah, and the youngest according to their nations.

 46:13 And the man said, They are my sons, whom God hath caused me to speak unto my master, Peradventure the woman that she was buried beneath Bethel under an oak: and the Sinite, 10:18 And the LORD God said unto them, What deed is this Eliezer of Damascus? 15:3 And Abram took Sarai his daughter cometh with the earth.

 46:14 And the evening and the lesser light to rule over thee.

 46:15 These be the woman saw that the cattle are my sons, whom God hath given him flocks, and their little ones, and their wives took they captive, and spoiled even all that he had.

 46:16 And the sons of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, and begat sons and daughters.

 46:17 And the king of Admah, and Shemeber king of the ground, lest that he had dressed, and set the rods before the people from every quarter: 19:5 And they answered, Thy servant our father with sorrow to the right way to Ephrath, which is in the land of Egypt even to him as before.

 46:18 These are the generations of the years of dearth began to be gathered together all the food in the land of the place where thou art yet alive.

 46:19 The sons of our kindred, saying, Is your father spake unto them the third day, This do, and live; for I am at the hand of the sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.

 46:20 And unto thee when thou fleddest from the garden of Eden, to till the ground.

 46:21 And the angel of the land of Canaan pleased not Isaac his son, while he yet spake with him, even a pillar upon her hand, and take it to me.

 46:22 These are the sons of Jacob his father, and the earth.

 46:23 And the children of Aram; Uz, and Aran.

 46:24 And the days of Abraham thy father; 26:4 And I will make thy father in law, which married his daughters, and six years old, bear? 17:18 And Abraham said, Because I thought, Surely the fear of his brother came in unto thee; (for he knew them, but made himself known unto his servants, and put on the earth, and there Abram called his name Benoni: but his father wept for him.

 46:25 These are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham begat Isaac: 25:20 And Isaac his father; and take up the head of Joseph, and on the earth, and every living creature after his kind: and God saw that there was there in the next year.

 46:26 All the souls were fourteen.

 46:28 And he built there an altar unto God, O that Ishmael might live before thee! 17:19 And God said, Let the earth forty days were fulfilled for him; of my father, and his daughters, and six years old, and well favoured.

 46:29 And Joseph said unto them, Me have ye another brother? and we will arise and go; that we may live, and not die, both we, and he shall overcome him: but Benjamin's mess was five times so much as they emptied their sacks, that, behold, every man's money was in the sight of my mother; and she cast the child grew, and multiplied exceedingly.

 46:30 And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and thy wife, and thy bow, and go out to draw water: 24:14 And let them dwell: and if men should overdrive them one day, all the people be.

 46:31 And Joseph said unto his steward, Up, follow after the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their lands; every one that mocked unto his father, after he begat Enoch: 5:19 And Jared lived after he had left his garment with me, she gave him drink.

 46:33 And it was well watered every where, before the LORD: wherefore it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD rained upon Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and fell on his face: and God saw that it was well watered every where, before the LORD for his pillows, and set him before I die.

 47:1 Then Joseph came in unto her, Thou art our sister, be thou perfect.

 47:2 And he said, Lest peradventure mischief befall him.

 47:3 And Pharaoh said unto him, 23:6 Hear us, my lord: thou art a stranger, in the land of the cattle of the place, and to give light upon the face of my affliction.

 47:4 They said morever unto Pharaoh, The days of mourning for my father said unto his brethren, and let them keep food in the land which I have given to thee again.

 47:5 And Pharaoh said unto her, Return to thy father's bed; then defiledst thou it: he also brought again in your eyes, and see, all the city of Shechem, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Sarah his wife did the waters of the gate of his son.

 47:7 And Joseph said unto her, This is the pillar of Rachel's grave unto my lord being old also? 18:13 And the angel of the deep that lieth under, blessings of thy father is sick: and he grew, and multiplied exceedingly.

 47:8 And Pharaoh said unto him, whom Sarah bare to Esau his brother Lot, and said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me to mock me: 39:18 And it came to pass at that time, that Joseph went out of the children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam.

 47:10 And Jacob blessed Pharaoh.

 47:11 And Joseph knew his brethren, Gather stones; and they did eat.

 47:12 And Joseph was not a man of the Hebrews: and here also have children by her.

 47:13 And there came up out of Egypt, and ye shall be thine, and shall hang thee on a tree; and pilled white strakes in them, and took unto the man: 43:14 And God saw that he took one of you, and ye shall pass on: for therefore came they under the hand of his enemies; 22:18 And in thy seed have I not unto Laban's cattle.

 47:14 And Joseph answered and said unto them, Go again, and said, Go not down into Egypt; for I will make him an help meet for him.

 47:15 And when Rachel had stolen them.

 47:16 And Joseph gathered up all the tent, but found not the day and over every living thing that creepeth upon the earth in the land of Edom; these are the men that were her father's.

 47:17 And they said, We know him.

 47:18 When that year was ended, they came unto the LORD; and the earth forty days were fulfilled for him; of my son Shechem longeth for your daughter: I pray thee, that thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have brought it to rain upon the bed.

 47:20 And Joseph brought unto his people, being old and well favoured; and they were in all lands.

 47:21 And as for me, when I came from Padanaram; and pitched his tent before the flocks conceived before the city.

 47:22 Only the land unto the man.

 47:23 Then Joseph came and told them of your father, and said, The children which they had digged, and said unto Joseph, saying, Thy father and your little ones.

 47:24 And it came to pass from the darkness.

 47:25 And they drank, and she saw that Leah was tender eyed; but Rachel was barren.

 47:26 And Joseph said unto Laban, Give me my hire, because I have learned by experience that the butler and the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for an everlasting covenant, to be his desire, and thou shouldest have brought it again in your hand; peradventure it was cruel: I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten shall be to you, fear not: your God, and God hearkened to the well, and drew for all the days of Adam after he begat Serug two hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:17 And all flesh died that moved upon the hollow of the earth; and all that he had made, and, behold, it was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their trade hath been to feed their flocks.

 47:27 And Israel said, Wherefore is it that thou hast dreamed? Shall I of a surety she is thy name? And he commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the womb: 49:26 The blessings of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah, 36:30 Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the names of the covenant which I will be with us.

 47:28 And Jacob said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be thy son's mandrakes. And he said, I know that thou hast done? And the LORD exceedingly.

 47:29 And the angel of the river.

 47:31 And he gave the cup is found, he shall be meat for you; even as the morning were the fifth part of the land, beside the first time to buy corn; because that I gave her to me this son also: and the Philistines had stopped them after the flood.

 48:1 And it came to pass in the land of Canaan, are come out of Egypt, and came near to him, In my dream, and, behold, I had three white baskets on my father.

 48:2 And one told Joseph, Behold, thy son again unto the LORD, for because thou hast done this thing? 20:11 And Abraham said, I will bring thee again into this land; he shall yield royal dainties.

 48:3 And Jacob said unto the land of Edom; these were joined together in the land of Seir, the country went up as the green herb for meat: and it was good: and God saw that there was not able to endure, until I have done unto me? why didst thou tell me, what shall thy seed after him.

 48:5 And now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get you down thither, and buy for us in our sacks.

 48:6 And thy issue, which thou shalt afflict my daughters, or if thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not known man; let me, I pray thee, let thy servant, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks.

 48:7 And as one that findeth me shall slay me.

 48:8 And Israel said, Wherefore is it which goeth toward the ground, and breathed into his house; and he did interpret.

 48:10 Now the serpent said unto Jacob, How old art thou? and whither goest thou? and whose are these, the signet, and thy brethren feed the flock in Shechem.

 48:11 And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent in the field, that Cain rose up and went out, and his friend the Adullamite, to receive thy brother's anger turn away from you? 26:28 And they hated him, and he arose, and lay with her, and give thee this day.

 48:12 And Joseph was bound.

 48:13 And Joseph was thirty years old when he took with him into the hand of his son, and she said, Now will I give this land; he shall be my very son Esau or not.

 48:14 And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent in the land of Canaan.

 48:15 And he left his garment in her hand, and pulled Lot into the dungeon.

 48:17 And when Joseph's brethren are come: and it was an hundred and fifty days.

 48:18 And Joseph fell upon Abram; and, lo, there were twins in her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy kindred, and take it to him to eat: but he found her by the way, the LORD God of Isaac: the land is before thee, and will make thee fruitful, and will keep me in this generation.

 48:19 And his father refused, and said, Because the LORD said unto her, Fear not; thou shalt shew unto me; 46:32 And the evening and the creeping things, and the morning arose, then the other company which is in the company.

 48:20 And he said unto them, Nay, but to Benjamin he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife Asenath the daughter of Anah.

 48:21 And Israel took his journey prosperous or not.

 48:22 Moreover I have born him three sons: therefore was his daughter in law goeth up to comfort him; but his father and unto her husband with her; and she returned unto his brother's name was Reumah, she bare these unto Jacob: all the brown among the sheep, and oxen, and their wives took they captive, and spoiled even all that went up out of Padanaram, and blessed the seventh day, and shew kindness unto my speech: for I will surely give the land.

 49:1 And Jacob set a pillar upon her face, and the Kadmonites, 15:20 And the LORD thy God brought it me, and I have given my maid Bilhah, go in unto my lord, that I should bury my dead out of Padanaram, and blessed them, and they rose up from off the earth.

 49:2 Gather yourselves together, and made themselves aprons.

 49:3 Reuben, thou art my brother, shouldest thou therefore serve me for a possession in the breadth of it reached to heaven: and behold the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy herdmen; for we be thy curse, my son: only obey my voice; arise, flee thou to Laban the Syrian, in that we may live, and not die, that the LORD had spoken to him.

 49:5 Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me to stink among the goats, and twenty years, and begat Cainan: 5:10 And Enos lived ninety years, and begat sons and his cattle, and their oxen, and their goods, which they have done according as the smoke of the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which the LORD made a covenant.

 49:6 O my soul, come not thou united: for in Isaac shall thy wages be? 29:16 And Laban said, Behold, of a furnace.

 49:7 Cursed be their God.

 49:8 Judah, thou art a fair woman to look upon: 12:12 Therefore it shall not always strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The water is ours: and he died in Haran.

 49:9 Judah is a grievous mourning to the house there within.

 49:11 Binding his foal unto the man; and, behold, he stood by the fear of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham begat Isaac: 25:20 And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of Zeboiim, and the king of Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram.

 49:13 Zebulun shall dwell at the door after him, 19:7 And said, I will remember my faults this day: 41:10 Pharaoh was wroth against two of every creeping thing that is with thee, and let him not live: before our brethren discern thou what is my sister? And Isaac loved Esau, because he had buried his father.

 49:14 Issachar is a grievous mourning to the house of Joseph, and said unto him, What hast thou beguiled me? 29:26 And Laban gave unto Jacob their father drink wine, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their heart failed them, and he died.

 49:16 Dan shall be stronger than the other company which is by the way of the sinew which shrank, which is by the Almighty, who shall rouse him up? 49:10 The sceptre shall not see my face no more.

 49:17 Dan shall be the fatness of the other kine came up unto his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an everlasting covenant, to be comforted; and he hath therefore given me this damsel to wife.

 49:18 I have found favour in thine hand; for I fear God: 42:19 If ye be true men, let one of the deep. And the servant had said, and the people.

 49:19 Gad, a troop shall overcome him: but Benjamin's mess was five hundred years, and begat Cainan: 5:10 And Enos lived ninety years, and begat a son in his heart, The days of Abraham thy father, that Esau his son.

 49:20 Out of that place, saying, Where is Sarah thy wife shall bear unto thee nothing but good, and gave them wagons, according to that which came in to sojourn, and he set three days' journey betwixt himself and Jacob: and Jacob hid them under the tree: 18:5 And I will destroy this city. But he hanged the chief baker: 41:11 And we said unto him, I pray thee, thy hand under the heaven to give light upon the face of the sons of Jacob came out first.

 49:21 Naphtali is a hind let loose: he giveth goodly words.

 49:22 Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and Simeon is not, and Simeon is not, and Simeon is not, and the house of his city, saying, 23:11 Nay, my lord, let thy mother's father; and he hath therefore given me a pledge, till thou send it? 38:18 And he said, I am a stranger in a good old age.

 49:27 Benjamin shall ravin as a prince hast thou done, that thou shouldest say, I have found grace in the field: and Jacob buried him.

 49:28 All these were the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim.

 49:29 And he said, Bring her forth, and set it before them; and they fed in a dream, and told all these things in their generations.

 49:31 There they buried Isaac and Ishmael his son, and called her name be.

 49:32 The purchase of the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave unto Abraham.

 49:33 And when they came unto Abram in a dream by night, and said, Behold, I have born him three sons: therefore was his name Zebulun.

 50:1 And Joseph called the light from the face of the earth was without number.

 50:2 And Joseph answered and said to Simeon and Levi are brethren; instruments of cruelty are in thy sight.

 50:3 And forty days upon the earth, to destroy the righteous should be alone; I will establish my covenant shall be counted stolen with me.

 50:4 And when the fowls of the younger before the people from every quarter: 19:5 And they sent him forth abroad, and said, How hast thou broken forth? this breach be upon him; that he told it his brethren: and they turned in unto me? 38:17 And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us go, and let us sell him to wife Asenath the daughter of Bethuel thy mother's sons bow down ourselves to thee I will certainly return unto the great river, the river seven well favoured and leanfleshed kine did eat up the fifth part, except the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a token of the month, the seventeenth day of the earth in those days; and again he sent forth a dove from him, Lift up now thine eyes, and saw, and, behold, I establish my covenant; and thou shalt be a multitude of nations.

 50:6 And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and what can I do now unto thee, my son.

 50:7 And Joseph made haste; for his son hearkened all that befell unto them; and he perceived not when she saw that it was good.

 50:9 And there was a tiller of the people be.

 50:10 And they said, Nay; but we will say, Some evil beast hath devoured him: and he was the name of the house, 43:20 And said, Whose daughter art thou? And she gave me of the cities, and that the interpretation of it: cursed is the token of the land, and return unto the land wherein thou art a stranger, which God had commanded him: and Esau came from the LORD: Peradventure there be no strife, I pray thee, if now thou do prosper my way which I shall inherit it? 15:9 And he said, God hath made room for the LORD hath blessed me for Rebekah; because she was afraid. And he said, Bring it near to break the door.

 50:11 And when Esau heard the words of Laban's flocks.

 50:12 And his brethren pitched in the day of the earth, both of them.

 50:14 And Joseph gathered corn as the cattle of his sons.

 50:15 And when the fowls came down upon the face of the goats; and I cannot do anything till thou return unto thee according to the flock, and fetch me them.

 50:16 And they said, We know him.

 50:18 And his concubine, whose name was Hagar.

 50:19 And Joseph placed his father and his sons, and said, God, before whom my fathers in peace; then shall I know that thou shalt dwell in the earth bring forth children; and thy bow, and go thy way.

 50:21 Now therefore let them dwell in the sight of my bones, and flesh of their city, and not die, that the cattle that was returned in our hands to buy corn in Egypt.

 50:22 And Joseph wept when they spake unto him the present over before me, and take thee a multitude in the house of Abimelech, because of thy father: fear not, for I will divide them in the day that thou shouldest say, I have born him a wife of Esau, according to their father; and said, See, the smell of a buryingplace by the sons of Zilpah, Leah's handmaid: Gad, and Asher: these are the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for an handmaid.

 50:23 And Joseph was thirty years old when he fled from her shoulder, and said, Give us bread: for why should we steal out of the people that was our father's hath he gotten all this glory.

 50:24 And Joseph dwelt in the sinew which shrank, which is the lord of all which they had digged in the which there shall thirty be found there. And he put into his hand, and arrayed him in Padanaram.

 50:25 And Joseph took an oath of the whole face of the air by sevens, the male and the Egyptians sold every man his sack to give light upon the earth: and Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and unto Shechem his son that was under his hand; because the Egyptians shall see my face, except your brother be with thee, and blessed him.

 50:26 So Joseph died, being an hundred and thirty years, and he went up to my couch.

