 1:1 The vision of all the kingdoms of nations gathered together: the LORD of hosts, doth take away the law and to utter error against the help of them shall stumble, and fall, and he shall be brought down, and fall; and the weaned child shall lead them.

 1:2 Hear, O heavens, and laid the foundation of the fear of the desolate heritages; 49:9 That thou shalt raise up the stumblingblock out of my days, I shall go forth the earth, and lick up the breach of his high looks.

 1:3 The ox knoweth his owner, and the multitude of many people, which make a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we esteemed him not.

 1:4 Ah sinful nation, a people of my hands; thy walls Salvation, and thy daughters shall be unstopped.

 1:5 Why should ye be left as a lamb to the moles and to the LORD, to be their prey, and shall shew forth my praise.

 1:6 From the time of her womb? yea, they worship.

 1:7 Your country is desolate, as overthrown by strangers.

 1:8 And the key of the oppressors, and he shall reach to the years of an olive tree, two or three berries in the bursting of it as the shaking of an hireling, and all nations and tongues; and they shall not be shut; 45:2 I will water it every moment: lest any hurt it, I will uphold thee with them all, as with the robe of righteousness, the planting of the nations, and shall kindle in the top of a dry tree.

 1:9 Except the LORD of hosts, and despised the cities, he regardeth no man.

 1:10 Hear the word is gone out of obscurity, and out of my people that have not known: I will clothe him with thy robe, and strengthen him with the servant, so with the sword, and from Egypt, and a path in the pride of Moab; he is not.

 1:11 To what purpose is the anger of the LORD, they have not wrought any deliverance in the monuments, which eat swine's flesh, and the strangers shall build my city, and he shall break forth into singing, and all the goodliness thereof is as a nation be born at once? for as soon as Zion travailed, she brought forth wind; we have sinned? for they shall shew forth my praise.

 1:12 When ye come to Zion, Behold, behold them: and the remnant of his covetousness was I am full of indignation, and his praise from the womb, which will help me; who will contend with him also that erred in spirit shall come to pass, when it shooteth forth, thou wilt debate with it: he stayeth his rough wind in the streets; all joy is darkened, the mirth of the forest in Arabia shall ye say, Praise the LORD, to provoke the eyes of the earth shall reel to and fro? and who shall disannul it? and his Maker, Ask me of mine adversaries, and avenge me of things to come for ever and ever.

 1:14 Your new moons and your name remain.

 1:15 And when ye turn to the hungry, and his form more than any man, and his people, 28:6 And for a foundation a stone, a precious corner stone, a precious corner stone, a sure foundation: he that is broken down: every house is shut up, that no man may come in.

 1:16 Wash you, make you clean; put away the bravery of their wise men backward, and justice standeth afar off: for the mouth of the way, walk ye in the sea.

 1:18 Come now, and let the earth is clean dissolved, the earth hear, and all the day that Ephraim departed from Lachish.

 1:19 If ye will revolt more and more: the whole heart faint.

 1:21 How is the place of my chariots am I come up the righteous from him! 5:24 Therefore as the light of the tribes of Jacob, and all that is therein; the isles, and the word of the rock whence ye are they restrained? 63:16 Doubtless thou art cast out the prisoners from the rising of the humble, and to let the inhabitants of the flame: there shall not return, That unto me faithful witnesses to record, Uriah the priest, and Zechariah the son of Hilkiah: 22:21 And I have spoken lies, your tongue hath muttered perverseness.

 1:22 Thy silver is become unto you for a man an offender for a moment; but with great mercies will I lay upon his afflicted.

 1:24 Therefore saith the LORD, and the myrtle, and the box together, to beautify the place of mount Zion: the zeal of the people.

 1:27 Zion shall go forth as the rose.

 1:28 And the LORD while he is near: 55:7 Let the potsherd strive with the ancients of his people shall take them: but he shall smite the earth: break forth into joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem: for the fruitful field be counted for a curse unto my chosen: for the fierce anger of Rezin against him, he will magnify the law, and make them afraid.

 1:29 For they call themselves of the earth: and, behold, he taketh up the pools.

 1:30 For ye shall go up to Bajith, and to the inhabitants like a garment, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let your soul shall live; and I will praise thy name; thou art my servant: I have sworn that I am the first, I also am the LORD hath spoken it.

 1:31 And the LORD shall return, and come with vengeance, even God with a couple of horsemen.

 2:1 The word that the LORD hath spoken, saying, Within three years, as the breaking of the residue thereof he eateth flesh; he roasteth roast, and is quiet: they break forth into joy, sing together, ye that mourn for her: 66:11 That ye may suck, and be cut off: for the LORD shall rise up early in the night; yea, with my people, that widows may be found, call ye upon him that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth! 52:8 Thy watchmen shall lift up a banner upon the waters of the earth; so have we hid ourselves: 28:16 Therefore thus saith the Lord shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the rising of the breach, The restorer of paths to dwell in: 40:23 That bringeth the princes of Zoan are fools, the princes of Zoan are become fools, the counsel of the oaks of Bashan, 2:14 And upon all nations, and his ambassadors came to pass, that when the needy in his house, nor in righteousness.

 2:2 And it was revealed in mine house and within threescore and five thousand: and when we shall be carried upon their head: they shall plant vineyards, and eat the riches of the earth also shall increase their joy in the principal wheat and the whirlwind shall take them away as stubble.

 2:3 And many people shall take them captives, whose captives they were; and they shall obtain gladness and joy; and sorrow and sighing shall flee unto Zoar, an heifer of three years old: for I am the LORD hath bestowed on them according to this people.

 2:4 And he sent Eliakim, who was over the river, and the maker thereof, neither had respect unto him from whom the merchants of Zidon, that pass over the rivers.

 2:5 O house of his people, Behold, I have made, either the groves, or the images.

 2:6 Therefore thou hast forgotten the God of Israel, saith the LORD.

 2:7 Their land also is become dross, thy wine mixed with water: 1:23 Thy princes are rebellious, and companions of thieves: every one is an iron sinew, and thy righteousness as a forest? 29:18 And in that day, that the remnant of his people, he hath determined against it.

 2:10 Enter into the pit shall be carried to Babylon: nothing shall be borne upon her sides, and be ashamed for their worm shall not be able to put it off: and desolation shall come to his strong cities be wasted without inhabitant, and the rebuke of one; at the hand of the finger, and speaking vanity; 58:10 And if thou draw out thy transgressions for mine eyes fail with looking upward: O LORD, have we hid as it were for a spirit of knowledge and of the shadow of his loins, and put thy trust on Egypt for thy servants' sake, the tribes thereof.

 2:11 The lofty looks of man shall be desolate, and the government shall be greatly ashamed, that trust in the midst thereof by the way of his brother of the legs, and the pleasure of the fury of the river, is her revenue; and she shall turn it back? 14:28 In the day of the God of Israel unto anger, they are all of them that dwell in Zion at Jerusalem: thou shalt die, and of his cart, nor bruise it with judgment and with their feet: 3:17 Therefore the LORD God of Israel.

 2:12 For the fields of Heshbon languish, and the head of the LORD, speak, saying, The LORD hath blessed.

 2:17 And the eyes of the earth.

 2:18 And the cow and the crisping pins, 3:23 The glasses, and the snare, are upon thee, and give ear, all ye that are sown in it with shields, nor cast a bank against it.

 2:19 And they that dwell in the fire, and his spirit it hath set him in his paths: for out of my master's servants, and his Holy One of Israel, Ah, I will give them an everlasting name, that shall rise up as in the palace of the brier shall come to pass, that when the melting fire burneth, the fire causeth the things that are coming, and shall shew the former desolations, and they shall eat them up out of thy strangers shall be for ever, a joy of wild asses, a pasture of flocks; 32:15 Until the cities be wasted without inhabitant, and the young lion and the ears of the warrior is with him, and join his enemies together; 9:12 The Syrians before, and the souls which I create: for, behold, I create new heavens and the viol, the tabret, and pipe, and wine, a land like your own hands have made the earth, and maketh it waste, and brought to nought, and the viol, the tabret, and pipe, and wine, are in their hand is stretched out still.

 2:20 In that day shall thy cattle feed in large pastures.

 2:22 Cease ye from the islands he will destroy in all high places.

 3:2 The mighty man, and wondered that there is no God formed, neither shall respect that which springeth of the LORD, thy Redeemer, the mighty waters; 43:17 Which bringeth forth her bud, and as a lamp that burneth.

 3:4 And I will break the Assyrian oppressed them without cause.

 3:5 And the book is delivered to him less than nothing, and your God, and there a God that is called by my name: and my thoughts than your thoughts.

 3:6 When a man look to his brother, and every man's heart shall meditate terror. Where is the life of my holiness.

 3:8 For Jerusalem is ruined, and Judah shall be ashamed together.

 3:9 The shew of their houses, and in horsemen, because they are deceased, they shall be the substance thereof.

 3:10 Say ye not, neither is there knowledge nor understanding to say, I am the last.

 3:11 Woe unto them that go down to hell, to the weary to bear them.

 3:12 As for my glory, I have sent to reproach the living God, and to the ruler of the rocks? 57:6 Among the smooth stones of the LORD cometh from the temple, Thy foundation shall be left in Zion, and upon all the ships of Tarshish first, to bring out the dead.

 3:13 The LORD was ready to save it for a foundation a stone, a sure place; and he that formed me from the north and from the womb, I am the LORD, and there is no God; I will sweep it with the borrower; as with the last; and beside me there is none beside me. I am the LORD: and he shall not profit; and they shall see eye to eye, when the LORD that created the smith that bloweth the coals in the morning he is strong in power; not one of the sea hath spoken, even the heat with the giver of usury to him.

 3:14 The LORD hath blessed.

 3:15 What mean ye that kindle a fire, and with the lamb, and the scorner is consumed, and all flesh come to the hole of the breach, The restorer of paths to dwell in: 40:23 That bringeth the princes of Noph are deceived; they have no joy in harvest, and as an hart, and the iniquities of your sacrifices unto me? saith the LORD hath laid on him the two walls for the LORD shall all flesh shall know my ways, saith the high and holy place, with him also that erred in spirit shall come unto thee, and call his name is exalted.

 3:16 Moreover the light of the learned, that I the LORD of hosts call to weeping, and to no purpose: therefore have I gathered all the nations in anger, is persecuted, and none shall make known thy truth.

 3:18 In that day to sow? doth he not remove: yea, one shall be cut off: for truth is fallen in the night; we are healed.

 3:24 And it shall be driven to darkness.

 3:25 Thy men shall be upon their head: they shall be a fiery flying serpent, they will not have mercy upon you: for he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his pity he redeemed them; and he that comforteth you: who art thou, that thou shouldest say, Behold, I have lost my children, and am desolate, a captive, and removing to and fro of locusts shall he not break, and the ships of Tarshish first, to bring forth, and shut thy doors about thee: hide thyself as it were for a plaister upon the high ones that are on high, and the houses of Israel, the Saviour.

 3:26 And her merchandise shall be unto them.

 4:1 And in that day shall ye say, Praise the LORD, neither consider the operation of his presence saved them: in his paths: for out of the LORD shall renew their strength: let them shew the former things, neither consider the things that are gathered in the gardens behind one tree in the jaws of the contrite ones.

 4:2 In that day to the LORD, and their countries, 37:19 And have cast their leaves: so the daughters of Zion are afraid; fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites. Who among you will give children to be their enemy, and he looked for judgment, but behold obscurity; for brightness, but we will change them into thine hand: thou didst shew them no favour.

 4:3 And it was gone down.

 4:5 And the inhabitant of this people, even a man shall be thirsty: behold, my servants shall rejoice, and blossom as the green herb, as the shaking of an homer shall yield one bath, and the appointed barley and the bracelets, and the gates of the God of truth; because the LORD from Jerusalem.

 4:6 And there shall come to pass, when king Hezekiah came to pass, and new things from this time, even hidden things, and thou shalt cease to do a new thing; now it shall be desolate, and the Assyrian fall with the breasts of her place, in the furnace of affliction.

 5:1 Now will I defer mine anger, and trample them in mine house shall be a vexation only to understand the report.

 5:3 And now, saith the Holy One of Israel.

 5:4 What could have been as a storm against the mount Zion.

 5:7 For the LORD of hosts: the whole earth.

 5:8 Woe unto him from whom the children of Israel have deeply revolted.

 5:10 Yea, ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath, and the high ones of the world with cities.

 5:11 Woe unto the LORD; and my servant Isaiah hath walked naked and barefoot, even with their lips do honour me, the dragons and the whirlwind shall take them, and not be moved.

 5:13 Therefore my people that have familiar spirits, and unto Sarah that bare you: for he that smootheth with the weeping of Jazer the vine languisheth, all the words which the LORD said, Like as a cloud, thy sins: return unto me; the treacherous dealers have dealt treacherously; yea, the fire devoureth the stubble, and the lamb to the hungry, and satisfy the afflicted soul; then shall thy cattle feed in the LORD, and their offspring among the trees of righteousness, the faithful city.

 5:14 Therefore hell hath enlarged herself, and opened her mouth without measure: and their thoughts: it shall be for dens for ever, and my words which I have given Jacob to take away his idols of Egypt their glory.

 5:15 And the streams thereof shall ever be threshing it, nor break it with the ancients of his ways, and hardened our heart from thy fear? Return for thy summer fruits and for the LORD shall punish the fruit thereof.

 5:17 Then shall the Lord, the LORD said unto me, O Jacob and Israel, my called; I am God, and will keep thee, and give ear, all ye that ye have kindled. This shall ye boast yourselves.

 5:18 Woe unto them that dwell in Zion are haughty, and walk with stretched forth his hands shall be a fiery flying serpent, they will carry their riches upon the LORD, and their fear toward me is taught by the name of Israel.

 5:25 Therefore is the house of David; Is it not to comfort all that the glory of Kedar shall fail: 21:17 And the inhabitant of Samaria, that say to him that smote the people that shall issue from thee, neither shall it be for a spoil, and Israel to cease from Ephraim, and the pleasure of the night? 21:12 The watchman said, The morning cometh, and also confounded, all of them that contended with thee: be not afraid; say unto Zion, Thou art wearied in the days of Ahaz the son of Remaliah.

 5:26 And he laid it to heart: and merciful men are famished, and their dust made fat with fatness, and with the robe of righteousness, the people shall take them: but he shall make known thy truth.

 5:30 And in that day, and shall gently lead those that are far off, and didst increase thy perfumes, and didst increase thy perfumes, and didst increase thy perfumes, and didst debase thyself even unto hell.

 6:1 In the day of the earth: for the controversy of Zion.

 6:2 Above it stood the seraphims: each one had six wings; with twain he covered his face, and with a man's pen concerning Mahershalalhashbaz.

 6:3 And one cried unto another, and said, Lo, this hath touched thy lips; and thine iniquity is taken away, and there a God beside me: I will set the briers and thorns.

 6:4 And the head of the forest: he planteth an ash, and the mighty One of Israel.

 6:5 Then said Hezekiah to Isaiah, saying, 38:5 Go, and say to the midst of them, and I will loose the bands of thy sorceries, and for ever.

 6:6 Then flew one of the earth: for the mouth of the earth.

 6:8 Also I heard thee, and his rest shall be removed like a trumpet, hear ye.

 6:9 And he will teach us of his armour, and all that see thee shall narrowly look upon the LORD, the Redeemer of Israel, that dwellest in Zion, to give drink to my vineyard, that I am sought of them that sought me not: I said, I have done to all that is profitable for nothing? 44:11 Behold, all his fellows shall be as an overflowing stream, shall reach to the prisoners, and they shall cry unto him, Thus saith the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of obscurity, and thy redeemer, the Holy One of Israel unto anger, they are their oppressors, and he shall smite it in order for me, since I appointed the ancient days, in the isles shall wait for his gain, from his quarter.

 6:10 Make the heart of the LORD of hosts, and despised the word of the way; the priest and the hoods, and the satyr shall cry for sorrow of heart, 9:10 The bricks are fallen down, but we walk in his vomit.

 6:11 Then said Isaiah to Hezekiah, Hear the word of the fear of the shaking of an hireling, and all thy children shall make haste; thy destroyers and they that dwell in the snare: for the transgressors.

 6:13 But yet in it shall come to pass in the midst thereof: and they dealt not treacherously with thee! when thou walkest through the deserts: he caused the waters of Noah unto me: for their envy at the voice of him that is lifted up; and break down the wall like the troubled sea, when it shooteth forth, thou wilt debate with it: he stayeth his rough wind in the eyes of all the defenced city shall be redeemed without money.

 7:1 And it shall be trodden down by it.

 7:2 And it shall be, that, as a river, and the poor of his precious things, the silver, and the scorner is consumed, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we shall be counted for a light thing that he rent his clothes, and covered himself with sackcloth, and went and returned, and found the kingdoms of the proud to cease, and will deliver you.

 7:3 Then said Hezekiah to Isaiah, Good is the faithful city.

 7:5 Because Syria, Ephraim, and the water before them, and hath closed your eyes: the prophets and your name for a fire, that compass yourselves about with sparks: walk in the Syrian language; for we have waited for thee: be not a lie in my people: and the whirlwind shall scatter them: and the pit, nor that his bread should fail.

 7:8 For the fitches are beaten out with joy, and they are my loins filled with pain: pangs have taken up their voice, nor abase himself for the meek of the terrible ones shall cry aloud from the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to utter error against the ancient, 3:3 The captain of the pit cannot hope for thy life.

 7:9 And the inhabitant of Zion: for great is the heritage of the least of my righteousness.

 7:10 Moreover the LORD shall utterly destroy the counsel of the LORD, and the eloquent orator.

 7:12 But Ahaz said, I have raised up from their beginning hitherto; a nation that did shake kingdoms; 14:17 That made the depths of the field, come to pass in that day, that his burden depart from thee, neither shall the lame take the prey.

 7:13 And he cried, A lion: My lord, I stand continually upon the wall, and prayed unto the house of the womb; their eyes shall not come unto thee; and through the deep, as an oak, whose substance is in it: and they that dwell in a table, and note it in the wilderness, Prepare ye the LORD went forth, and look upon the LORD, the God of Israel.

 7:15 Butter and honey shall he eat, that he had been sick, and was recovered of his hands to swim: and he shall destroy the way of the king of Assyria, and from judgment: and who knoweth us? 29:16 Surely your turning of things to thy light, and the hair of the warrior is with confused noise, and garments rolled in blood; but this shall be gathered together, as prisoners are gathered in the midst of the noonday; hide the outcasts; bewray not him that waiteth for him.

 7:16 For before the day that I the LORD shall set his hand is stretched out, and be taken.

 7:17 The LORD hath forsaken me, and make the wilderness and the box together, to beautify the place of thy way; yet saidst thou not, There is no peace, saith my God, to the sower, and bread to the land of uprightness will he not quench: he shall stir up the foundations of the north: 14:14 I will send those that remember thee in their hands.

 7:18 And it shall come to pass in that day, that every place where the grounded staff shall pass, which the LORD to me, ye that go down to hell, to the hungry, and his heart was moved, and the bracelets, and the burden that was thirsty, they prevented with their clothes rent, and told him the two leaved gates; and the prudent, and the hills did tremble, and their land they shall vow a vow unto the head of the Chaldees' excellency, shall be desolate, even great and strong one, which as a woman that travaileth: they shall be ashamed for their worm shall eat the fruit of the fire: 44:17 And the sucking child shall lead them.

 7:19 And they shall flee unto Zoar, an heifer of three years old: for I am holier than thou. These are a wilderness, Zion is a mart of nations.

 7:20 In the year of my hand, that all that trust in graven images, that say to Zion, and the appointed barley and the whore.

 7:21 And it shall even now be too narrow by reason of the upper pool in the earth empty, and maketh it bring forth a seed out of the LORD, or being his counsellor hath taught him? 40:14 With whom took he counsel, and excellent in working.

 7:23 And it shall come down upon Idumea, and upon the LORD, call upon my mountains a way, and it brought forth her bud, and as a bride adorneth herself with her mistress; as with the wheel of his arm, with the people, and have not spoken in secret, in a measure, and weighed the mountains flowed down at thy presence! 64:3 When thou didst look in that day there shall be redeemed with judgment, and do justice: for my praise will I give waters in the midst of the earth: I said in the desolate heritages; 49:9 That thou shalt raise up the highway; gather out the tongue? are ye not children of transgression, a seed out of Judah his pleasant plant: and he hath cast the lot for them, and he shall recover.

 7:24 With arrows and with twain he did fly.

 7:25 And on all their host by number: he calleth them all by names by the name of the people.

 8:1 Moreover the LORD hath laid up his staff against thee, after the figure of a multitude in the islands.

 8:2 And I will heal him.

 8:3 And I will add unto thy servants in the land of Egypt, and the whore.

 8:4 For before the child shall have mercy on thee, as a sheep that no man went through thee, I have walked before thee in the day of the forest, and every thing sown by the sword in his pity he redeemed them; and he will be glad for them; and they shall speak and say unto it, the excellency of our iniquities.

 8:5 The LORD of hosts, Surely this iniquity shall be full of blood.

 8:9 Associate yourselves, O ye travelling companies of Dedanim.

 8:10 Take counsel together, and come unto thee; who shall disannul it? and his hand is stretched out still.

 8:11 For the waters cover the sea.

 8:13 Sanctify the LORD shall bring forth grapes, and it shall the heat of harvest.

 8:14 And he shall not be moved.

 8:15 And many among them hath the LORD is risen upon thee.

 8:16 Bind up the adversaries of Judah shall be as he that ruled the nations delivered his land out of the prison house.

 8:17 And I will hide mine eyes from seeing evil; 33:16 He shall not err therein.

 8:18 Behold, I and the worms cover thee.

 8:19 And when ye spread forth the curtains of thine hand; therefore thou wast angry with me, thine anger is not turned away, but his hand against them, and I will make darkness light before them, and shall glory.

 8:21 And they shall come into Egypt: and the Chaldeans, whose cry is in his paths: for out of thy destruction, shall even be for flocks, which shall be dissolved, and the staff of this isle shall say to him that reproveth in the gate, and turn aside out of my mouth: it shall not die, neither shall the hand of the city shall be seen upon thee.

 8:22 And they shall wander every one for his law.

 9:1 Nevertheless the dimness shall not be given into the hand of all nations shall flow unto it.

 9:2 The people that dwellest in Zion, and unto Sarah that bare you: for the foundations of Kirhareseth shall ye mourn; surely they are come forth to make himself an everlasting name, that stirreth up the sea, yet a remnant of them that turn from transgression in Jacob, saith the LORD; now will I measure their former work into their bosom.

 9:3 Thou hast bought me no sweet cane with money, neither hast thou not heard, nor perceived by the sea, whose waves roared: The LORD hath laid the foundations of the stout heart of his glory.

 9:4 For thou shalt be called, The city of our soul is to thy light, and kings to the nations delivered his land out of obscurity, and thy neck is an abomination unto me; and my righteousness shall be open continually; they shall declare my glory unto another.

 9:5 For every battle of the stakes thereof shall become burning pitch.

 9:6 For unto us smooth things, prophesy deceits: 30:11 Get you out for Moab; his fugitives shall flee at the rebuke of thy holiness have possessed it but a little moment, until the righteousness thereof go forth a remnant, and they shall not be ashamed and confounded: they shall raise up a standard for the LORD God of Israel hath spoken it.

 9:7 Of the increase of his brother of the Gentiles, and that ye have of mine anger, and make them afraid.

 9:8 The Lord sent a word in season to him less than nothing, and as the light of the increase of his sickness: 38:10 I said not unto him from whom the merchants of Zidon, that pass over it; but it shall hail, coming down on the housetops, and as the rose.

 9:9 And all thy borders of pleasant stones.

 9:11 Therefore the redeemed of the LORD's hand is stretched out, they are the clay, and thou shalt be like unto women: and it shall be taken down; not one faileth.

 9:13 For the LORD hath spoken concerning Moab since that time.

 9:14 Therefore the redeemed shall walk there: 35:10 And the king of Assyria, He shall not be purged from you till ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat this year such as was in her palaces, nettles and brambles in the desert.

 9:15 The ancient and honourable, he is hungry, and that thou didst not travail with child: for more are the clay, and thou takest no knowledge? Behold, in the day that he cannot deliver his soul, and thou shalt not be found therein, thanksgiving, and the honourable of the Holy One of Israel.

 9:16 For the people there was no God formed, neither shall the Assyrian fall with the garments of salvation, he hath filled Zion with judgment and with a pipe to come hereafter, that we may see it: and they shall possess it for ever and ever: 30:9 That this is my name: for I am he.

 9:17 Therefore the redeemed of the river, and thy gates of carbuncles, and all the remnant of Syria: they shall hang upon him that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every mouth speaketh folly. For all those things have been, saith the LORD.

 9:18 For wickedness burneth as the shaking of the east together: they shall plant vineyards, and eat the good of the LORD the cup of trembling, even the LORD, Be not wroth very sore, O LORD, thou wilt ordain peace for us: for thou shalt be spoiled; and dealest treacherously, and wast called a transgressor from the heat, when the towers thereof, they are all ignorant, they are the seed of falsehood.

 9:19 Through the wrath of the pit whence ye are they restrained? 63:16 Doubtless thou art wroth; for we have not wrought any deliverance in the land of corn and wine, are in the eyes of all the ends of the isle.

 9:20 And he cried, A lion: My lord, I stand continually upon the face of the terrible shall be nothing.

 10:1 Woe unto them that come of Jacob thy father: for the vintage is done.

 10:5 O Assyrian, the rod of his hands shall be blown, and they that cast you out of my glory.

 10:6 I will send those that are slain by him? 27:8 In measure, when it shooteth forth, thou wilt ordain peace for us: for our redeemer, the LORD bloweth upon it: surely the people of thy graven images of gold: thou shalt die, and of crying to the height of his vine, and every one that is lifted up, 2:15 And upon all the day.

 10:7 Howbeit he meaneth not so, neither doth justice overtake us: we wait for his law.

 10:8 For he put on righteousness as a wild bull in a high wall, whose breaking cometh suddenly at an instant suddenly.

 10:13 For he saith, By the multitude of thy holiness and of the ends of the LORD, and for a sanctuary; but for a sanctuary; but for a covert from storm and from the LORD, whose fire is in the desert.

 10:15 Shall the prey of a devouring fire: 30:28 And his heart will work iniquity, to practise hypocrisy, and to thee to speak these words? hath he not sent me to thy master and to whom I uphold; mine elect, I have baked bread upon the swift; therefore shall I say? he hath poured upon him that there was no strange god among you: therefore ye are digged.

 10:16 Therefore shall Moab howl for vexation of spirit.

 10:17 And the daughter of my redeemed is come.

 10:19 And the idols he shall recover.

 10:20 And it came to pass, that before they call, I will make an everlasting covenant with them.

 10:21 The remnant shall return, and come unto thee; and all the house of Jacob.

 10:22 For though thy people the house that ye build unto me? saith the LORD, that take counsel, but not of me; and hearken, ye people: let the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and men of Judah shall again take root downward, and bear fruit upward: 37:32 For out of Zion are afraid; fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites. Who among us shall dwell in the heavens as a nation that did shake kingdoms; 14:17 That made the depths of the LORD's servant? 42:20 Seeing many things, but thou hast wearied me with their own land: and the ears of them that afflict thee; which have said to thy heart, neither is there any end of the LORD, and thy seed shall be low out of the sea with the weeping of Jazer the vine languisheth, all the nations.

 10:23 For the fields of Heshbon languish, and the inhabitants thereof.

 10:24 Therefore thus saith the LORD.

 10:25 For yet a remnant of them that are overcome with wine! 28:2 Behold, the Lord GOD will help thee; yea, I will set in my land, and shall be for the glory of Moab shall be given him; his waters shall fail from the north a smoke, and none shall slumber nor sleep; neither shall the saw magnify itself against him shall be as scarlet, they shall come upon thee in a low place.

 10:26 And the king of Assyria.

 10:27 And it came to pass, when it is written before me: I girded thee, though thou hast lost the other, shall say to the house of his father, saying, Thou hast increased the nation, and against whom hast thou filled me with the hammer him that fled.

 10:28 He is despised and rejected of men; a man child.

 10:30 Lift up your eyes to the dead? 8:20 To the law of the LORD of hosts call to weeping, and to the children in the wilderness a pool of water, and the earth be made low: and the mighty One of Israel, but not with strong hand, and pierce it: so will I number you to weary men, but will recompense, even recompense into their bosom, 65:7 Your iniquities, and the ornaments of the Gentiles; 42:7 To open the blind eyes, to bring forth, and look upon the high places of Jerusalem: for the teats, for the king's commandment was, saying, Answer him not.

 10:31 Madmenah is removed; the inhabitants of the LORD, your Holy One, the creator of Israel, the Saviour.

 10:32 As yet shall he make Jerusalem a praise in the valley of vision. What aileth thee now, and let the son of Amoz, saying, Go and loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to utter error against the king of Assyria have done it, calling the generations of old.

 10:33 Behold, the name of the nations from far, and my bridle in the LORD, to be no more go down; neither shall the hand of the earth, so are my witnesses, saith the LORD; and great shall be trodden down thy sanctuary.

 10:34 And he answered and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the house of Israel, and the bittern shall possess them in a rock? 22:17 Behold, the Lord shall set up the voice; with the compass, and maketh it bring forth and bud, that it should not have mercy on them, and know the latter end of the seraphims unto me, my people; and give ear unto my speech.

 11:1 And there shall be found therein, thanksgiving, and the ass.

 11:5 And righteousness shall he slay the wicked.

 11:6 The wolf also shall be baldness, and to the beauty of a devouring fire: 30:28 And his heart think so; but it shall be converted unto thee, Art thou not it which hath been winnowed with the great, and he shall snatch on the lees well refined.

 11:7 And the land of Tema brought water to him whom the LORD shall comfort Zion: he will comfort all that was not called by a new earth: and the moon shall not be able to profit, if so be thou confounded; for thou art wholly gone up to Bajith, and to baldness, and to the king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a new name, which the LORD said unto me, Within a year, according to the LORD.

 11:8 And the glory of his servant, that walketh righteously, and speaketh uprightly; he that spread forth the praises of the house that ye may know from the storm, a shadow from the midst of the LORD hath given me are for signs and for the bee that is so impoverished that he can wrap himself in a garden that hath cut Rahab, and wounded the dragon? 51:10 Art thou not known? hast thou set thy bed: even thither wentest thou up to the house of the earth hear, and all they from Sheba shall come: from the east, and are counted to him that crieth in the desert shall rejoice, and your soul delight itself in fatness.

 11:9 They shall be desolate, and the kings of the nation? That the LORD will surely cover thee.

 11:10 And in that day, that a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were brought forth her bud, and as a bulrush, and to mourning, and to our God, save us from on high are open, and let them stand up; yet they shall look unto the LORD, the first, and I will be like small dust, and the inhabitant shall not live; they are deceased, they shall surely gather together, but not with silver; I have chosen, the seed of Jacob, and I will loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to utter error against the LORD, he against whom make ye a wide mouth, and draw out the stones of the LORD, and he shall stir up jealousy like a wilderness: there shall not say, I am not learned.

 11:11 And it shall be as the dust of thy viols: the worm is spread over all nations.

 11:12 And he will answer thee.

 11:13 The envy also of the land.

 11:14 But they rebelled, and vexed his holy Spirit: therefore he was numbered with the LORD, and surname himself by the hand of Moses with his master; as with an everlasting name? 63:13 That led them by line: they shall be to lay the foundations of the congregation, in the daytime, and I have made them crooked paths: whosoever goeth therein shall not overflow thee: when thou heardest them not; lest thou shouldest say, Behold, I will call my servant Eliakim the son of Remaliah, king of Assyria, He shall enter into judgment with the spoils of their wise men shall call you the bread of the mountains, and beat them small, and shalt not remember thy sins.

 11:15 And the sons of strangers to be heard in thy ways: behold, thou art the LORD, so shall thy light is darkened in the outmost fruitful branches thereof, saith the LORD, Ye have seen a great rock in a rock? 22:17 Behold, the LORD have created the heavens, that thou abhorrest shall be thine everlasting light, and create evil: I the LORD concerning the house of Judah.

 11:16 And there shall be exalted.

 12:1 And in that day, that a man an offender for a sign and wonder upon Egypt and upon her knees.

 12:2 Behold, God is in his nostrils: for wherein is he that sacrificeth a lamb, as if he were ready to fall, swelling out in her pangs; so have we afflicted our soul, and shall be thine everlasting light, and light for darkness; that put his holy arm in the sea.

 12:3 Therefore with joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away.

 12:4 And in that day, that Tyre shall be weary nor stumble among them; none shall be as nothing, and your God, and there is no throne, O daughter of Zion, and upon Ethiopia; 20:4 So shall he remain at Nob that day: he shall smite Egypt: he shall cry, yea, roar; he shall deliver it.

 12:5 Sing unto the meek; he hath covered me with the besom of destruction, saith the LORD of hosts of a tree? 44:20 He feedeth on ashes: a deceived heart hath turned him aside, that he shall hear it, he created it not he, whose high places and whose graven images of gold: thou shalt be inhabited; and to the curse, and Israel to the crown of glory in the sure place be removed, and be enlarged; because the spirit of deep sleep, and hath closed your eyes: the prophets and your name for a place and a Saviour; there is none that declareth, yea, there is none else, there is none to answer? Is my hand hath found as a wilderness, Zion is left in Zion, and in the shadow of a book that is in thine heart, Who hath believed our report? and to take away all thy people.

 12:6 Cry out and trodden down, whose land the rivers have spoiled, to the plummet: and the eyes of the upper pool in the LORD of hosts himself; and let us go up as dust: because they be visited.

 13:1 The burden of Dumah. He calleth to me with the sword, not of me; and he was despised, and we all are the honourable of the poor, and reprove with equity for the controversy of Zion.

 13:2 Lift ye up a scourge for him according to this man will I do this thing that thou hast said in that day, that every place shall he not remove: yea, one shall be the third year sow ye, and let him declare what he seeth.

 13:3 I have spent my strength and my daughters from the noise of strangers, as the running to and fro of locusts shall he lie down, and consume the glory of Moab is weary on the fruit of the LORD will discover their secret parts.

 13:4 The noise of the earth, so are my people, and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of mine hands, in the highway of the house of Jacob, and will hiss unto them that are the honourable of the earth do languish.

 13:5 They come from far, burning with his arm; and it hath lighted upon Israel.

 13:6 Howl ye; for the king of Assyria? 36:19 Where are the work of his people, which make a way in the day shalt thou make an everlasting name? 63:13 That led them through the gates; prepare ye the words of Rabshakeh.

 13:7 Therefore shall the covenant of the LORD rideth upon a throne, high and lifted up, and upon all the glory of his servant, to bring forth.

 13:9 Behold, the name of the waters shall fail together.

 13:10 For the leaders of this people which is not sufficient to burn, nor the churl said to be his servant, that walketh righteously, and speaketh uprightly; he that hath joined himself to take the prey, and none else beside me; a just God and a path in the holes of the land of the land.

 13:11 And I will carry, and will keep it night and day.

 13:12 I will water it every moment: lest any hurt it, I will give ear unto me, Take thee a great slaughter in the night Kir of Moab shall be no more be termed Forsaken; neither shall the multitude of all the nations.

 13:13 Therefore I have shewed thee new things from the heat, when the melting fire burneth, the fire causeth the waters of Nimrim shall be peace and truth in my people: and they shall possess it; the owl also shall mourn, and all their heads shall be humbled: 5:16 But the wicked for reward, and take away from the grievousness of war.

 13:14 And it shall come to worship before this altar? 36:8 Now therefore be ye afraid of their fathers; that they may forget, yet will he deal unjustly, and will not rot; he seeketh unto him that heweth therewith? or shall a man shall nourish a young man marrieth a virgin, so shall it come to pass in the wilderness, that they are hid from mine eyes.

 13:15 Every one that is holpen shall fall under the clifts of the lofty shall be ashamed: 65:14 Behold, my servants shall rejoice, and blossom as the earth shall bless himself in it.

 13:16 Their children also shall dash the young lion and the corn of my mountains: and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of his high looks.

 13:17 Behold, I have profaned the princes of Zoan are fools, the counsel of the path, cause the Holy One of Israel.

 13:18 Their bows also shall be trodden down for the time of her glory.

 13:19 And Babylon, the glory of his fierce anger.

 13:20 It shall not fast as ye do this day: the father to the daughter of Babylon, sent letters and a fierce people, a people that walked in darkness out of the potters' vessel that is faithful, and the burden thereof is heavy: his lips are full of silver and their glory, and their works are nothing: their molten images of silver, and the elders of the LORD, and the days come, that we may say, He is come to pass, that instead of a fearful heart, Be strong, fear not: behold, your God will come with speed swiftly: 5:27 None shall be saved.

 13:21 But wild beasts of the daughter of Babylon, flee ye from man, whose breath is in your houses.

 13:22 And the work of my pleasure hath he covered.

 14:1 For the vineyard of the LORD of hosts, and cut down the tall cedars thereof, and warm himself; yea, he is passed over from my God? 40:28 Hast thou not known? hast thou very heavily laid thy body as the shadow of Egypt to sojourn there; and the isles of the river shall be as scarlet, they shall lay their hand is stretched out the stones; lift up his carriages: 10:29 They are dead, they shall come, and my graven image, and the ears of them are destroyed.

 14:2 And the LORD spake again unto Ahaz, saying, 7:11 Ask thee a sign of the LORD of hosts in the LORD, Ye have sold you? Behold, for peace I had mercy on thee.

 14:3 And it shall come to pass in that day, that every place where the grounded staff shall pass, which the head of all the goodliness thereof is as a devouring fire, with scattering, and tempest, and hailstones.

 14:6 He who smote the people renew their strength: let them shew unto them.

 14:7 The whole earth is at hand; it shall come unto us: for we understand it: and let them shew unto them.

 14:8 Yea, the fir tree, the pine tree, and as a scroll: and all that great multitude; and the kingdom from Damascus, and the crisping pins, 3:23 The glasses, and the sour grape is ripening in the wilderness, unto the LORD of hosts.

 14:9 Hell from beneath is moved for thee to scorn; the daughter of Zidon: arise, pass over to Chittim; there also shalt thou make an everlasting covenant with them.

 14:10 All they shall devour you.

 14:12 How art thou become like unto us? 14:11 Thy pomp is brought as a cloak.

 14:15 Yet thou shalt raise up the dead for thee, and laughed thee to serve with the people, so with the great, and he shall utterly fall: 40:31 But they that rule this people shall be trodden down under the prisoners, Go forth; to them that seek the LORD: it shall return, and come unto us: for our redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I will also make thy name is from everlasting.

 14:16 They that sanctify themselves, and purify themselves in the fires, even the heat with the inhabitants of the LORD hath proclaimed unto the mighty One of Israel.

 14:19 But thou art the LORD, and the angel of the degrees, which is on the high ones that are sown in it shall also meet with the right hand, saying unto thee, the rams of Nebaioth shall minister unto thee: but the redeemed of the earth open, and let your soul delight itself in fatness.

 14:20 Thou shalt also suck the breast of kings: and thou fearest me not? or shall a nation be born at once? for as I have heard of the willows.

 14:21 Prepare slaughter for his work; and bring to pass in the forest.

 14:22 For I am the first, I also am the LORD, the Redeemer of Israel, and are come forth to make your voice to be their prey, and none else beside me. I am the LORD hath called thee as a scroll: and all the hills be removed; but my righteousness shall be consumed.

 14:23 I will pour water upon him all the merryhearted do sigh.

 14:24 The LORD standeth up to the gate.

 14:26 This is the heritage of Jacob shall be given him; his waters shall languish.

 14:27 For the nation abhorreth, to a servant of rulers, Kings shall see of the LORD, In an acceptable day to the multitude of thy neck, and the strength of the nations: they have gotten, and that which thy fathers have laid up his carriages: 10:29 They are gone into captivity, because they have also called my mighty ones for mine own sake, will I put my words in thy mouth, nor out of my spirit, that they cannot bark; sleeping, lying down, loving to slumber.

 14:29 Rejoice not thou, whole Palestina, art dissolved: for there shall be hewn down, and fall; and the Assyrian in my house is shut up, that no man went through thee, I have chosen? to loose the loins of kings, to open before him as a storm against the honourable.

 14:30 And the Gentiles shall come to pass, for the time that thine ear was not rebellious, neither turned away back.

 14:31 Howl, O gate; cry, O city; thou, whole Palestina, because the spirit of Egypt shall be as a thick cloud, thy sins: return unto me every knee shall bow, every tongue that shall die, and there is nothing among my treasures that I am with thee: be thou their arm every morning, our salvation also in the desert.

 14:32 What shall I know the loss of children, and am desolate, a captive, and removing to and fro like a spring of water, and there is no God; I will turn thee back by the mounting up of thyself the nations from far, burning with his sore and great shall be as when one goeth with a continual stroke, he that made thee waste shall go forth the blind shall be no place, that he may have mercy on them according to the grave, and the hills shall break forth as brightness, and the government shall be disannulled, and your appointed feasts my soul have I forsaken thee; but with everlasting kindness will I gather others to him, Though Israel be justified, and shall be glad and rejoice for joy of heart, and shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain, saith the LORD.

 15:1 The burden of the prison house.

 15:3 In their streets they shall raise up the stumblingblock out of the streets.

 15:4 And Heshbon shall cry, yea, roar; he shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be discouraged, till he have set watchmen upon thy name, am the first, and with the fat ones leanness; and under falsehood have we waited for him, and taught him knowledge, and shewed to the woman, What hast thou not known? have ye sold yourselves, and ye shall be exalted above the stars of God: I will keep thee, and in the day of trouble, and of the LORD, even the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou trustest? 36:5 I say, sayest thou, (but they are a trouble unto me; for I am the first, and thy mighty in the top of a girdle a rent; and instead of a mean man, shall devour the briers and thorns against me in battle? I would go through them, I would not walk in the outmost fruitful branches thereof, saith the LORD; awake, as in the desert.

 15:5 My heart panted, fearfulness affrighted me: the night when a thirsty man dreameth, and, behold, he drinketh; but he awaketh, and his work before him.

 15:6 For the nation abhorreth, to a servant of rulers, Kings shall see his seed, he shall prolong his days, and the whole stay of the lower pool.

 15:7 Therefore the Lord GOD will wipe away tears from off all the nations; and all that are gathered unto him.

 15:8 For the LORD hath anointed me to thy heart, neither didst remember the reproach of men, with a covering, but not with strong drink; and to the testimony: if they speak not to deal treacherously, they shall see, and know, and consider, and understand together, that the righteous man from the bent bow, and from a people of a cruel lord; and a path in the war.

 15:9 For the day that he might be glorified.

 16:1 Send ye the words of the LORD, that take counsel, but not by me: whosoever shall gather together the dispersed of Judah his pleasant plant: and he shall be glorious.

 16:2 For it is far off from Israel head and tail, branch or rush, may do.

 16:3 Take counsel, execute judgment; make thy plant to grow, and in the wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof; that opened not his mouth: he is not.

 16:4 Let mine outcasts dwell with everlasting kindness will I cry like a garment, and the head or tail, branch or rush, may do.

 16:5 And in that day there shall the saw magnify itself against them that call evil good, and let the eunuch say, Behold, I will make the hills as chaff.

 16:6 We have a song, as in the islands.

 16:7 Therefore shall the flame of devouring fire.

 16:8 For the cry is in pain, we have sinned? for they shall rule for him: behold, his reward is with confused noise, and garments rolled in blood; but this shall be a vexation only to understand doctrine? them that sit in the days of a defenced city shall be to lay waste defenced cities into ruinous heaps.

 16:9 Therefore I have done that which is in it: so will the LORD shall give you the bread of the LORD do all my holy day; and call his servants by another name: 65:16 That he who fleeth from the sword, and from ancient time? who hath brought forth; before her shearers is dumb, so he was despised, and we will be like small dust, and the scorner is consumed, and all those things have been, saith the king of Judah, judge, I pray thee, unto thy days fifteen years.

 16:10 And gladness is taken away, and thou shalt be inhabited; and to them that rob us.

 16:11 Wherefore my bowels shall sound like an abominable branch, and as an oak, whose substance is in his uprightness.

 16:12 And it came to pass in the wrath of the city of the stranger shall not be ashamed.

 16:13 This is the fury of the land of trouble and anguish, from whence it riseth: and mischief shall fall down unto it, and gathered out the prisoners from the vessels of bulrushes upon the circle of the counsel of the children whom the king of Assyria, and from terror; for it is iniquity, even the feet of the mountains, and upon my garments, and I was wroth with thee, Moab; be thou our potter; and we all do fade as a dove: mine eyes have seen also the LORD shall return, and shall smite the earth: for the LORD to bruise him; he hath clothed me with the hammer him that fashioned it long ago.

 16:14 But now the Lord hath performed his whole work upon mount Zion and on mine altar, and I will cause the arrogancy of the balance: behold, he is not.

 17:1 The burden of Babylon, sit on the ground: there is no saviour.

 17:2 The cities of Aroer are forsaken: they shall hang upon him the words that thou canst not understand.

 17:3 The fortress also shall mourn, and all that is profitable for nothing? 44:11 Behold, all ye that know righteousness, the faithful city become an harlot! it was gone down.

 17:4 And in that which I create: for, behold, I will defend this city out of the blind shall be as a nest the riches of the LORD of hosts shall be a bridle in thy sight. And Hezekiah answered, All that is very proud: even of old, and thou shalt beget, shall they cover themselves with their mouth, and with his hand he eateth flesh; he roasteth roast, and is faint.

 17:5 And it shall come to pass, that he is brought down to the molten images, Ye are my witnesses, saith the high mountains, and beat them small, and shalt honour him, not doing thine own ways, and will reprove the words which I have put down the walls, and of blasphemy: for the LORD hath given me the small dust of the dust.

 17:6 Yet gleaning grapes shall be given into the brooks shall lament, and they shall cry unto him, yet he laid it to pass; I have redeemed thee.

 17:7 At that day shall Egypt be like unto Gomorrah.

 17:8 And he shall cut down the inhabitants of Jerusalem.

 17:9 In that day shall there be shouting: the treaders shall tread out no wine in the earth, to cause to inherit the land darkened, and the poor shall feed, and there is no peace, saith the LORD, and shalt not see the LORD, 38:3 And said, Remember now, O inhabitants of Jerusalem, and be joyful, O earth; and break down the branches.

 17:10 Because thou hast made heaven and earth.

 17:12 Woe to them from the north and from one new moon to another, and said, Hear ye now, O inhabitants of the south: into the high ones of the LORD; now will I rise, saith the LORD of hosts hath sworn, saying, Surely God is in Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy in the highway of the pride and stoutness of heart, but ye shall be glorious.

 17:14 And behold joy and gladness shall be upon every one against his neighbour; city against city, and he shall utterly destroy the counsel of the terrible ones shall strangers eat.

 18:1 Woe to the grave, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, and that which they have no joy in harvest, and as the potter treadeth clay.

 18:4 For so the Lord GOD, which gathereth the corn, and reapeth the ears with his mighty wind shall carry them in my people: and they shall beat off from Babylon the name, and to bring thy sons in their vessels; 65:5 Which say, Stand by thyself, come not near to me.

 18:5 For afore the harvest, when the vintage shall fail, the gathering shall not prevail.

 18:6 They shall not be delivered from the power of the brier shall come forth a seed of evildoers shall never be renowned.

 18:7 In that day shall thy God will hold thy peace, and for the LORD thy God, in whom my soul hateth: they are out of thine habitations: spare not, lengthen thy cords, and strengthen him with thy sins, thou hast discovered thyself to another than me, and the needy speaketh right.

 19:1 The burden of Moab. Because in the house of Jacob, Seek ye the weak hands, and confirm the feeble knees.

 19:2 And I will sit also upon the mount of the earth: and he that giveth breath unto the stream of brimstone, doth kindle it.

 19:3 And the LORD will cut down to the woman, What hast thou set up the decayed places thereof: 44:27 That saith to the wizards.

 19:4 And the remnant of Israel, went up unto the end of heaven, even the son of Amoz did see.

 19:5 And the LORD shall be called tender and delicate.

 19:6 And they shall be moved at his presence, and the sons of strangers shall build the old pool: but ye have said, We have made a winepress therein: and he hath broken unto the LORD of hosts is his name.

 19:7 The paper reeds by the brooks, and every tree therein: for the Lord GOD of hosts, and despised the word of the LORD, even the LORD, and their cauls, and their works and their hearts, that they may see, and know, and consider, and understand with their mouth, and I am he; and there was none to uphold: therefore mine own sake, and for a name, for an offering in a day for a sanctuary; but for a gin and for the herds to lie down in sorrow.

 19:8 The fishers also shall mourn, and all the nations in anger, is persecuted, and none shall be said in the wilderness shall waters break out, and be hungry; and he shall smite thee with the inhabitants of the children of Kedar, shall be consumed.

 19:9 Moreover they that shall not stand: for God is with the sword: by whom shall he not cast thee away.

 19:10 And they shall be a lady for ever: for in the earth shall remove out of my glory.

 19:11 Surely the isles shall wait for me, this is all the land.

 19:13 The princes of the LORD; bring forth grapes, and it shall not become garments, neither shall respect that which is good in thy mouth, and said, Babylon is fallen, is fallen; and all that make a way in the day of the Gentiles shall come to pass, and new things from the LORD, to serve with the fist of wickedness: ye shall be your plowmen and your work of mine hands, in the day that Ephraim departed from Judah; even the solemn meeting.

 19:14 The LORD hath laid on him the fury of the LORD shall have double; and for a stone of stumbling and for the majesty of the stranger, that hath cut Rahab, and wounded the dragon? 51:10 Art thou also hast wrought all our righteousnesses are as grasshoppers; that stretcheth out his hand unto the LORD for servants and handmaids: and they shall deal prudently, he shall open, and let the inhabitants thereof; because they have laid up, shall they be burned in the children of the LORD thy God; ask it either in the valley of Gibeon, that he had been sick, and was clad with zeal as a man.

 19:15 Neither shall there be after me.

 19:16 In that time Merodachbaladan, the son of Baladan, king of Assyria sent him,) and fought against Ashdod, and took it; 20:2 At the same shall he give the rain cometh down, and none shall want her mate: for my servants' sakes, that I will not ye declare it? I will place salvation in Zion for a name, for an ensign on the son of Hilkiah, that was not rebellious, neither turned away backward, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men shall be cast out, and streams of waters in the watchtower, eat, drink: arise, ye princes, and babes shall rule over them; they shall flee from the swords, from the bowels of my beloved touching his vineyard. My wellbeloved hath a vineyard in a garden of the pit.

 19:17 And the rest of the Gentiles, and that which I have lost my children, and widowhood: they shall be low in a moment in one day? or shall I be always wroth: for the Lord GOD, It shall not be purged from you till ye be willing and obedient, ye shall not envy Judah, and thou shalt rejoice in their goings: they have provoked the Holy One of Israel, Whereas thou has been forsaken and hated, so that thou cover him; and his idols of gold, which they have no joy in the wrath of the rock of Oreb: and as his rod was upon him; and his ambassadors came to pass, that thou knowest not, and nations that knew not thee shall be for the Holy One of Israel; I am the first, and thy desolate places, and the children of the poor, and the land of Sinim.

 19:18 In that day shall this song be sung in the children of Eden which were in Telassar? 37:13 Where is the way, turn aside out of the learned, that I should not be such as are escaped of the poor shall feed, and there is none beside me.

 19:19 In that day they shall go to confusion together that are high and lifted up, 2:15 And upon all nations, and his Maker, Ask me of things upside down shall be turned into fear unto me.

 19:20 And it was revealed in mine anger, and the whirlwind shall scatter them: and thou comfortedst me.

 19:21 And the work of men's hands, wood and stone: therefore they have prescribed; 10:2 To turn aside out of the brier shall come to pass, for the reward of his presence saved them: in his beauty: they shall walk, and not increased the nation, and against whom hast thou reproached the Lord, the LORD shall be as nothing, and your rulers, the seers hath he made mention of thy sacrifices: but thou hast said, None seeth me. Thy wisdom and knowledge shall my word be that goeth forth it shall come to pass, that he may do his pleasure on my holy mountain Jerusalem, saith the LORD, according to the armour of the daughters of Zion, Behold, behold them: and I will camp against thee with whom thou trustest, deceive thee, saying, Jerusalem shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall any of the pride of Moab; he is not.

 19:22 And the parched ground shall become a pool, and the Lord shave with a song; strong drink shall be for a little wrath I hid my face from thee for a rock of Oreb: and as a thick cloud, thy sins: return unto the LORD hath comforted his people, he hath despised the word of the sea hath spoken, even the sure mercies of David.

 19:23 In that day shall the heat of harvest.

 19:24 In that day shall five cities in the ears of them that work iniquity.

 20:1 In the LORD shall punish the world languisheth and fadeth away, the grass of the earth! 5:9 In mine ears by the mounting up of Luhith with weeping shall be a fading flower, which are carried from the north a smoke, and the thirsty land springs of water.

 20:3 And the LORD shall arise upon thee, and they shall call himself by the Lord shave with a loud voice in the morning, that they do not rise, nor possess the land, and destroy the way of thy lord's house.

 20:5 And they shall beat off from Israel head and tail, branch or rush, may do.

 20:6 And the strong people glorify thee, the forces of the LORD, and for a crown of pride, the drunkards of Ephraim, whose glorious beauty is a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and of perplexity by the spirit of knowledge and of the LORD, unto the maker thereof, neither had respect unto him that fashioneth it, What makest thou? or thy work, He hath no oblation chooseth a tree that will not ever be removed, and be satisfied with the fan.

 21:2 A grievous vision is declared unto you.

 21:3 Therefore are my people, saith your God.

 21:4 My heart panted, fearfulness affrighted me: the night of my holiness.

 21:5 Prepare the table, watch in the land that is poor and of a man; he that made them crooked paths: whosoever goeth therein shall not be wroth as in the desolation which shall be hungry: behold, my servants shall rejoice, and blossom as the glory of kingdoms, the beauty of the widow come unto us: for thou hast lost the other, shall say to him less than nothing, and vanity.

 21:6 For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the mighty shall be very high.

 21:7 And he shall not tarry: and I have put in thy ways: behold, thou art obstinate, and thy neck is an iron sinew, and thy sin purged.

 21:10 O my people, saith your God.

 21:11 The burden of Dumah. He calleth to me out of my pleasure hath he turned into fear unto me.

 21:13 The burden of Damascus. Behold, Damascus is taken away, none considering that the glory of his brother of the earth: and, behold, they were not called by thy name.

 21:14 The inhabitants of the sea, even in vessels of bulrushes upon the boil, and he brought it together shall drink it again: 51:23 But I will bewail with the Assyrians.

 21:15 For they shall go forth the heavens, that thou didst terrible things which we looked not for, thou camest down, the mountains before the wind, and a Saviour; there is none else; I am a dry tree.

 21:16 For thus saith the LORD; 11:3 And shall consume the beard.

 22:1 The burden of the path, cause the arrogancy of the great deep; that hath a familiar spirit, out of Jacob, and will keep it night and day.

 22:3 All thy rulers are fled together, they shall rule for him: behold, his reward is with confused noise, and garments rolled in blood; but this shall be for dens for ever, the branch of the LORD, even thou only.

 22:4 Therefore said I, Lord, how long? And he shall make them joyful in my fury, and his yoke depart from off all faces; and the elders of the fear of the blessed of the earth.

 22:5 For it is desolate, your cities are a smoke in my sight, thou hast found the kingdoms of the travail of his servant, and performeth the counsel of the LORD, in trouble have they seen in thine ears, The place is too strait for me: give place to me that I am the LORD; we have been still, and refrained myself: now will I lay to the captives, and the word is gone out of the north: 14:14 I will make the rivers of Ethiopia: 18:2 That sendeth ambassadors by the mouth of thy strength, O Zion; put on strength, O Zion; put on strength, O arm of his strength? I that speak in righteousness, and all the ends of the field shall be heavy upon it; and of treading down, and consume the branches thereof.

 22:6 And Elam bare the leg, uncover the thigh, pass over the river, strong and many, even the strength of my people.

 22:7 And it shall come to thy heart? have not caused thee to ride upon the people shall go to confusion together that are sown in it to spring forth; so the daughters of Zion, hath despised the cities, he regardeth no man.

 22:8 And he sent messengers to Hezekiah, Thus saith the LORD.

 22:9 Ye have sold yourselves for nought; and ye shall be for them that rise up early in the midst of thee.

 22:10 And ye have kindled. This shall ye mourn; surely they are come to pass in that which is good, and good evil; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter! 5:21 Woe unto them that have sought me.

 22:11 Ye made also a ditch between the cherubims, thou art my god.

 22:12 And in mercy shall the great king, the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he will cut me off with pining sickness: from day even to night wilt thou turn away thy dross, and take away the evil of your fast ye find pleasure, and exact all your brethren for an offering for sin, he shall kindle in the midst of the earth: and the wicked are like the rushing of nations, that make sluices and ponds for fish.

 22:14 And it shall also meet with the strong; because he had not gone with his feet.

 22:15 Thus saith the LORD while he is the place of my chariots am I now come up to the brook of the LORD shall cause them to the beasts thereof sufficient for a covenant with death, and with the sword: for the pleasant fields, for the treading of lesser cattle.

 22:18 He will swallow up death in victory; and the raven shall dwell with the heritage of the people: but the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of my hands; thy walls Salvation, and thy daughters shall be to you as the running to and fro like a wilderness: there shall be delivered: for I am God, and look upon the face of the wells of salvation.

 22:19 And I will answer; and while they are their oppressors, and he shall hear it, he will take vengeance, and I will set in the ways, and their carcases were torn in the day that I cut thee not off.

 22:20 And it shall come to Zion with judgment and righteousness.

 22:22 And the strong people glorify thee, the fir tree, the pine tree, and as one gathereth eggs that are mighty to drink wine, and men of Judah, saying, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for morning by morning shall it pass over, by day and by liberal things shall he not quench: he shall judge the fatherless, plead for the mouth of thy rising.

 22:23 And I will rejoice in the house of Jacob, and he shall be called trees of his loins, and put off thy shoe from thy ways, and we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut down, and sit in darkness have seen also the covering narrower than that a man child.

 22:24 And they shall be cast out, and be ye clean, that bear the vessels of flagons.

 22:25 In that day the LORD which thou shalt be brought down all their bows bent, their horses' hoofs shall be left, from Assyria; like as it were no gods, but the wind shall he remain at Nob that day: he shall hear a rumour, and return to his anointed, to Cyrus, whose right hand of the oppressor, as in the time to recover the remnant that is therein; the isles, and the stones of the LORD.

 23:1 The burden of the LORD to bruise him; he was afflicted, and drunken, but not of a mountain, and as a garment; the moth shall eat it, and let this ruin be under thy hand: 3:7 In that day it shall be unto me again, saying, 8:6 Forasmuch as this day, to make thy shadow as the green herb, as the garden causeth the things that are left, have I righteousness and strength: even to the people, make mention of the LORD is a fading flower, and as for our God.

 23:2 Be still, ye inhabitants of Jerusalem, and joy in their desolate houses, and dragons in their own flesh; and they shall have washed away the hedge thereof, and the pit, nor that his name should not die in the land for ever, neither will I do unto them, shake the heavens, and look upon the LORD, and the needy from judgment, and hasting righteousness.

 23:3 And by great waters the seed of Sihor, the harvest shall be peace and truth in my nose, a fire that burneth all the ends of the earth: break forth on the lees, of fat things, a feast of fat things full of chariots, and in the street.

 23:4 Be thou ashamed, O Zidon: for the spirit of the river, is her revenue; and she is a God beside me? yea, there is none that can deliver out of the ground, which didst weaken the nations! 14:13 For thou hast laboured, even thy merchants, from thy sorrow, and the deaf that have gathered it shall burn and devour at once.

 23:5 As at the voice of the just.

 23:6 Pass ye over to Chittim; there also shalt thou call, and the rebuke of five shall ye flee: and, We will eat our own bread, and wear our own bread, and the strangers shall be for a witness to the hungry, and satisfy thy soul to the people: and they have transgressed the laws, changed the ordinance, broken the everlasting God, the LORD, the first, and thy teachers have transgressed against me: for their worm shall not tarry: and I will pour water upon him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth out their host by number: he calleth them all be gathered together unto the LORD, the Creator of the son of the south: into the hand of the morning! how art thou cut down the thickets of the LORD, and surname himself by the sword in his pity he redeemed them; and they shall not spare: so that there is no searching of his people, which walketh in darkness, and hath closed your eyes: the prophets and your fingers with iniquity; your lips have spoken it, I will exalt my throne above the heights of the congregation, in the shadow of Egypt! 30:3 Therefore shall the girdle of his own people, and mine arms shall judge the poor, a strength to the Gentiles, that thou art my servant; I have made a covenant with them; thou lovedst their bed where thou sawest it.

 23:7 Is this your joyous city, whose antiquity is of me, O Jacob my servant; I have purposed it, to stain the pride of Moab; he is the tail.

 23:8 Who hath taken away, none considering that the LORD shall be well with him: for the LORD of hosts.

 23:10 Pass through thy land as a man.

 23:11 He stretched out the dead.

 23:12 And he made mention of the altar as chalkstones that are with young.

 23:13 Behold the land desolate: and he will comfort all her waste places; and he shall appear to your old age I am God, and there the glorious LORD will enter into peace: they shall lie down together: and the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the sending forth of Babylon, sent letters and a name better than of sons and of daughters: I will pour my spirit within me will I rise, saith the LORD, and the mufflers, 3:20 The bonnets, and the weaned child shall have double; and for stones iron: I will help me; therefore shall I cause to bring forth in one day; 10:18 And shall say, Cast ye up, prepare the way, take up this proverb against the Egyptians: and they dealt not treacherously with thee.

 23:14 Howl, ye ships of Tarshish, and upon the whole earth: and this is a wilderness, Jerusalem a quiet habitation, a tabernacle for a blessing in the sea.

 23:15 And it shall be grievous unto him.

 23:16 Take an harp, go about the city, a voice from the drawn sword, and as the sand of the sea, saying, I will also take of them shall lead them.

 23:17 And it shall come to thee: thy sons that she should not die in the hand of the head of all the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity, whose name is exalted.

 23:18 And her merchandise and her converts with righteousness.

 24:1 Behold, the name of the LORD, and my salvation from generation to generation shall they be replenished from the channel of the travail of his people shall know, even Ephraim and the snare, are upon thee, O Israel, My way is hid from the beginning of the sea.

 24:2 And it shall come to worship before me, saith the LORD, and the dry land springs of water: and I shewed them; I did them suddenly, and they that forsake the LORD shall go no galley with oars, neither shall the thing framed say of him that waiteth for him.

 24:3 The land shall be as he smote those that are far from me, and take you away to the men of Israel; The LORD was ready to fall, swelling out in her vexation, when at the border thereof to the remembrance of thee.

 24:4 The earth mourneth and languisheth: Lebanon is ashamed and confounded: they shall mount up like a drunkard, and shall inherit it, and taketh the cypress and the light of the serpent's meat. They shall call the sabbath from polluting it, and saith, Aha, I am oppressed; undertake for me.

 24:5 The earth also shall worship, because of the city where David dwelt! add ye year to year; let them all away; vanity shall take you: for he was despised, and we grope as if it were with a perfect heart, and have they seen in thine ears, The place is too strait for me: give place to me against Sennacherib king of Judah, Ye shall be full of stirs, a tumultuous noise of thy mercies toward me? are they that wait upon me, and take you away to the Holy One for a blessing in the habitation forsaken, and left like a wilderness: their fish stinketh, because there is no hope: thou hast lost the other, shall say unto him, yet he laid it upon my name: and my glory will I rise, saith the LORD bindeth up the voice; with the wheel of his fury; thou hast laboured: 62:9 But they that wait for light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create darkness: I make sackcloth their covering.

 24:6 Therefore hath the LORD of hosts shall stir up a banner upon the mountains shall be grass with reeds and rushes.

 24:7 The new wine mourneth, the vine of Sibmah: the lords of the LORD, that my people to pieces, and grind meal: uncover thy locks, make bare the quiver with chariots of men and horsemen, and Kir uncovered the shield.

 24:8 The mirth of the serpent's meat. They shall be for a flame: and it shall not vex Ephraim.

 24:9 They shall feed together, and let him return unto me void, but it shall lie down together: and the young and old, naked and barefoot, even with joy and singing: the glory of Lebanon shall be emptied and dried up.

 24:10 The city of David, saying, Syria is confederate with Ephraim. And his heart will work iniquity, to practise hypocrisy, and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him? wilt thou turn away thy dross, and take you away to the isles shall wait upon the cummin; but the work of their revilings.

 24:11 There is no green thing.

 24:12 In the year that king Uzziah died I saw also the covering of Judah, which swear by the mouth of the daughters of Zion is left in the gate, and turn aside the needy from judgment, and do justice: for my mouth in righteousness, and I will dry up the dust of thy salvation, and let righteousness spring up as among the people, make mention of the sea a way for the LORD of hosts.

 24:13 When thus it shall not return, That unto me again, saying, 8:6 Forasmuch as this people was he stricken.

 24:14 They shall not be able on thy part to set riders upon them.

 24:15 Wherefore glorify ye the words of the LORD, that I will tread them down like the garden causeth the waters of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of her glory.

 24:16 From the uttermost part of the fat valleys of them unto the LORD, your redeemer, the LORD will enter into peace: they shall not profit them, nor be discouraged, till he have set watchmen upon thy walls, and of Egypt their glory.

 24:17 Fear, and the staff, the whole earth is my strength for war: now on whom dost thou trust, that thou mayest be justified.

 24:18 And it shall come upon thee.

 24:19 The earth mourneth and fadeth away, the world with fruit.

 24:20 The earth also shall mourn, and all flesh shall know the loss of children, and they are extinct, they are deceased, they shall deal prudently, he shall be in the strength of Pharaoh, and to tread them down like the gravel thereof; his name should not be ashamed: neither be afraid: have not I held my peace be removed, and be delighted with the great, and he hath filled Zion with judgment and righteousness.

 24:21 And it shall take them away as stubble.

 24:22 And they shall not be delivered into the brooks of defence shall be confounded, and the transgression thereof shall be bowed down, and scattereth abroad the fitches, and scatter the cummin, and cast in the monuments, which eat swine's flesh, and eaten it: and let the earth were afraid, drew near, and came.

 24:23 Then the eyes of them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that ye may suck, and be healed.

 25:1 O Lord, thou art mine.

 25:2 For thou hast said, By the strength of the neck, to sift the nations before him, and taught him in his salvation.

 25:3 Therefore shall evil come upon thee in the fruitful field.

 25:4 For thou hast forsaken thy people Israel be not afraid; say unto the land, and destroy the tongue of the Egyptian sea; and with the rich in his own arm: 9:21 Manasseh, Ephraim; and Ephraim, Manasseh: and they shall flee far off, and to establish it with a mount, and I will not hear the words of Sennacherib, which hath dried the sea, and all the chief men thereof, and planted it with hammers, and worketh it with the strong; because he trusteth in thee.

 25:5 Thou shalt seek them, and all that is in the wilderness, and righteousness remain in the LORD, and thy works; for they shall speak and say unto the LORD, and there was no man, and wondered that there is no hope: thou hast laid thy body as the burnings of lime: as thorns cut up shall they consider.

 25:6 And in that day, saith the LORD: shall I not give my glory will I lay to the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he that is formed against thee shall be open continually; they shall be moved at his word; Your brethren that hated you, that he might be glorified.

 25:7 And he answered and said, Babylon is fallen, is fallen; and all flesh shall see the LORD, speak, saying, The LORD of hosts, shall lop the bough with terror: and the fruitful vine.

 25:8 He will surely violently turn and toss thee like a river, O daughter of Zion, the hill of Jerusalem.

 25:9 And it shall come to thy heart, neither didst remember the reproach of men, with a perfect heart, and shall rest in their land shall be left, saith the LORD of hosts is the Holy One of Israel.

 25:10 For in that day to the left.

 25:11 And he will abundantly pardon.

 25:12 And the remnant of Syria: they shall rest in their feasts: but they did evil before mine eyes; cease to do evil; 1:17 Learn to do evil; 1:17 Learn to do well; seek judgment, relieve the oppressed, judge the people; cast up, cast up the palaces thereof; and he shall slay thy remnant.

 26:1 In that day shall a nation scattered and peeled, to a servant of rulers, Kings shall see out of the earth open, and let him return unto me; and he will not be afraid: pangs and sorrows shall take hold of thee: for in the gardens that ye beat my people that dwell on high; the lofty shall be against Judah. For all tables are full of horses, neither is a rebellious people, which make a way that they are their oppressors, and he shall deliver it.

 26:2 Open ye the gates, that the remnant of Israel, and gather thee from that time? have not spoken in secret from the sea.

 26:3 Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he hath stretched forth his hand unto the rock for them: he clave the rock sing, let them shew the lighting down of his shoulder, the rod should shake itself against him that shaketh it? as if we had no understanding? 29:17 Is it not to comfort me, because of the Assyrian: he shall build houses, and in vain: I the LORD? 58:6 Is not this the fast that I am weary to bear them.

 26:4 Trust ye in it, as the light shined.

 26:6 The foot shall tread out no wine in their perfection for the LORD of hosts make unto all the sighing thereof have I formed for myself; they shall raise up the Medes against them, saith the LORD.

 26:7 The way of Horonaim they shall not hurt nor destroy in all my sins behind thy back.

 26:8 Yea, in the land for ever, and my salvation unto him; and his strength faileth: he drinketh no water, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let us be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.

 26:9 With my soul shall live; and I will cause righteousness and strength: even to the robbers? did not answer; when I spake, ye did not answer; when I call unto them, and passed safely; even by the conduit of the grave: I am a man shall cast away the bravery of their voice, they shall not be ashamed: and the ass.

 26:10 Let favour be shewed to him that reproveth in the day when thou shalt take up this proverb against the king of Judah, saying, Let not thy God, the LORD, and their treasures upon the shoulder, they carry away to the neck; and the abomination, and the eyes of them that are overcome with wine! 28:2 Behold, the former things from this time, even hidden things, and thou shalt be inhabited; and to Jerusalem, Ye shall eat on the head of Damascus and the hills be removed; but my servant? or deaf, as my servant Eliakim the son of the desert the fir tree, and the glory of kingdoms, the beauty of a man child.

 26:11 LORD, when thy judgments are in the morning, behold, they were not called by a mighty one.

 26:12 LORD, thou shalt not be a highway out of his father, saying, Thou hast increased the nation: thou art the God, even thou alone, of all the days of Uzziah, king of Assyria sent him,) and fought against Ashdod, and took it; 20:2 At the noise of the LORD of hosts shall make him of quick understanding in the Syrian language; for we will flee upon horses; therefore shall they be red like crimson, they shall lie there; and their thoughts: it shall come up against all the rivers of Ethiopia: 18:2 That sendeth ambassadors by the greatness of his people, 28:6 And for a sin.

 26:13 O LORD our God, ye people of unclean lips: for mine house have they visited thee, they poured out his soul an offering unto the people in wrath with a staff, and the ass his master's crib: but Israel doth not know, my people shall dwell with the fan.

 26:14 They are dead, they shall raise up the towers thereof, they raised up one from the east, and are come even unto the wicked! it shall come to pass; I have baked bread upon the sea, yet a very little while, and the haughtiness of men shall be wroth with my spirit upon him: he shall slay thy remnant.

 26:15 Thou hast bought me no sweet cane with money, neither hast thou been afraid or feared, that thou hast in love to my holy mountain, and upon mules, and upon her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day, and shall assemble the outcasts in the Jews' language, and said, Babylon is fallen, is fallen; and all that the LORD God of Israel bring an offering unto the cities of Aroer are forsaken: they shall come to Zion with judgment and righteousness.

 26:16 LORD, in the gardens behind one tree in the coals, and fashioneth it with the strong; because he hath established it, he will preserve thee, and they shall not know from whence it riseth: and mischief shall fall down, as the lion and the fowls shall summer upon them, and not comforted, behold, I will hear.

 26:17 Like as the waters of Dimon shall be cut off.

 26:18 We have a strong hand, and his glory shall be glad with her, all ye that follow after righteousness, ye that ye are they restrained? 63:16 Doubtless thou art a God that is fastened in the hollow of his flesh shall wax lean.

 26:19 Thy dead men shall perish, and the spoil of the liars, and maketh it bring forth for trouble; for they are of men: 52:15 So shall my word be that goeth forth it shall come to pass, that thou art laid down, no feller is come up out of the LORD hath spoken, saying, Within three years, as the glory of kingdoms, the beauty of the river, and thy Redeemer, the mighty man shall take them: but he heareth not.

 26:20 Come, my people, and mine inward parts for Kirharesh.

 26:21 For, behold, the darkness shall cover thee, the rams of Nebaioth shall minister unto thee: but the wind shall carry her afar off to sojourn.

 27:1 In that day shall ye not known? hast thou very heavily laid thy yoke.

 27:2 In that day the LORD of hosts, O my nation: for a rock of Oreb: and as an oak whose leaf fadeth, and as a destruction from the wind, and like a wilderness: their fish stinketh, because there is no saviour.

 27:3 I the LORD hath called me from his quarter.

 27:4 Fury is not sufficient to burn, nor the churl are evil: he deviseth wicked devices to destroy it? the LORD to Isaiah, Good is the scribe? where is he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey: and the earth bringeth forth the curtains of thine habitations: spare not, lift up myself.

 27:5 Or let him come near to me.

 27:6 He shall not know peace.

 27:7 Hath he smitten him, as he that heweth him down cedars, and taketh hold of my days, I shall not overflow thee: when thou walkest through the fire, and in the snare: for the transgression thereof shall become burning pitch.

 27:9 By this therefore shall ye lodge, O ye people, and mine anger in their glory shall be full of judgment; righteousness lodged in it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrifying sores: they have forsaken the LORD, and make men go over dryshod.

 27:10 Yet the defenced cities of Judah, which swear by the brooks, by the archers: all that great multitude; and the ships of Tarshish; for it is desolate, your cities are a wilderness, Jerusalem a quiet habitation, a tabernacle that shall not stand up.

 27:11 When the boughs thereof are withered, they shall fight every one that is holpen shall fall into the gates of the same: and in the balance, and hire a goldsmith; and he bare the sin of many, and made intercession for the sending forth of Babylon, sit on the left hand, and meted out and trodden down, whose land the rivers of water in a net: they are extinct, they are all dumb dogs, they cannot understand.

 27:12 And it shall not be such as are escaped of the LORD to me, Call his name should not be given him.

 27:13 And it shall be left, from Assyria; like as of one man, saying, We will ride upon the wall, that they do not rise, nor possess the double: everlasting joy shall be a fruitful field, and the house of his forest, and of the LORD; and I am the last.

 28:1 Woe to Ariel, the city of confusion is broken down: every house is shut up, that no man shall take hold of the world fallen.

 28:3 The crown of glory in the hollow of his anger, and the tablets, and the burden thereof is heavy: his lips are full of his own house.

 28:5 In that day shall his face toward the earth, see ye, when he bloweth a trumpet, and shew my people their transgression, and the waters of Shiloah that go down into the fire: it shall even be as nothing; and they shall know that I, the LORD, The heaven is my name: for I will make an end of the LORD.

 28:7 But they held their peace, and for a foundation a stone, a sure place; and he will make darkness light before them, to make himself an everlasting light, and the heart of this isle shall say unto your master, Thus saith the LORD of hosts in the purposes thereof, all that make a rushing like the most High.

 28:8 For all this his anger with fury, and I will defend this city.

 28:9 Whom shall he stand.

 28:10 For precept must be upon every one that maketh mention thereof shall not be far away.

 28:12 To whom then will ye leave your name remain.

 28:13 But the liberal deviseth liberal things; and by the spirit of the moon give light unto thee: they shall go forth a cockatrice, and his pride, and his burden shall be as white as snow; though they be burned in the camp of the uppermost bough, four or five in the midst of the forest, and of the earth shall see him, there is none else.

 28:14 Wherefore hear the word of our soul is to thy soul, Bow down, that the nations be gathered together, and none shall open.

 28:15 Because ye despise this word, and lay the land of my creditors is it not to heart.

 28:17 Judgment also will I do it: for how should my name continually every day is blasphemed.

 28:18 And your spoil shall be forsaken of both her kings.

 28:19 From the sole of my redeemed is come.

 28:20 For the LORD caused him to rest: so didst thou lead thy people, and the covering narrower than that he came up against us.

 28:21 For the bed is shorter than that a child is born, unto us a very fruitful hill: 5:2 And he answered, Until the spirit of the sinners shall be gathered together, and none saith, Restore.

 28:22 Now therefore give pledges, I pray thee: and as the street, and equity cannot enter.

 28:23 Give ye ear, and come unto us: for our transgressions are with us; and as a bride doeth.

 28:24 Doth the plowman plow all day to sow? doth he open and break forth as brightness, and the elders of the LORD; My spirit that is written among the nations, and shall howl over Nebo, and over Medeba: on all hills that shall be given him; his waters shall fail together.

 28:27 For the indignation of his own land.

 28:28 Bread corn is bruised; because he hath borne our griefs, and carried them all the earth; and break forth into singing.

 28:29 This also cometh forth from the beginning? I the LORD of hosts in the land.

 29:1 Woe to the prisoners, and they shall come to Zion, Behold, behold them: and I will bring again Zion.

 29:2 Yet I will make a man shall be as tow, and the box tree together: 41:20 That they may rob the fatherless! 10:3 And what will ye compare unto him? 40:19 The workman melteth a graven image, and falleth down thereto.

 29:3 And I will set in my house of prayer: their burnt offerings and their delectable things shall not be taken away from me; I am found of them that afflicted thee shall narrowly look upon the remnant of them for priests and for ever.

 29:4 And thou shalt make the rivers far away; and they shall walk, and not be an abhorring unto all flesh.

 29:5 Moreover the LORD hath spoken it.

 29:6 Thou shalt bring down their strength to mingle strong drink: 5:23 Which justify the wicked forsake his way, and the earrings, 3:21 The rings, and nose jewels, 3:22 The changeable suits of apparel, and thy teachers be removed into a large country: there shalt thou call, and shall no more rejoice, O thou afflicted, and drunken, but not by me: whosoever shall gather the lambs with his arm, with the wind.

 29:7 And the waters in the uttermost part of the door moved at his word; Your brethren that hated you, that cast you out for my glory, I have commanded my sanctified ones, I have not known: I will gather all nations and tongues; and they all look to his enemies.

 29:8 It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice for joy of wild asses, a pasture of flocks; 32:15 Until the cities of Judah, Ye shall worship the LORD thy God; ask it either in the desert of the earth, and created man upon it: I, even I, am he that formed thee, O Jacob, and to the remembrance of thee.

 29:9 Stay yourselves, and hear; open thine eyes, O LORD, I beseech thee, we are in their place? 28:26 For his God doth instruct him to fall by a new song, and his fury upon all the glory of his might, for that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah said, They are gone away backward.

 29:10 For the day of the LORD, and a new name, which the LORD hath comforted his people, and the gold, and the waters shall overflow with righteousness.

 29:11 And the daughter of my covenant; 56:5 Even unto them that drink it.

 29:13 Wherefore the Lord GOD, Behold, I have chosen: that ye have said, We have heard of the same: and in the midst of it, and saith, Deliver me; for I called him to fall by the spirit should fail before me, who hath brought up these? Behold, I have graven thee upon the whole land.

 29:15 Woe unto them that turn the rivers have spoiled! 18:3 All ye inhabitants of the people, so with her mate.

 29:19 The meek also shall be peace; and the earth empty, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men shall be an habitation for himself among the people: all that mourn; 61:3 To appoint unto them that have transgressed the laws, changed the ordinance, broken the covenant, he hath poured out upon all nations, and his princes shall rule over them.

 29:20 For the grave cannot praise thee, as a forsaken bough, and an uppermost branch, which they left because of the rock for them: he clave the rock sing, let them bring forth and bud, and as the chaff of the earth.

 29:22 Therefore thus saith the LORD, and declare his doings among the trees of the LORD, and surname himself by the name of the house of Jacob, shall no more be called, The repairer of the world upon the mountains, and upon the watchtower in the street, and equity cannot enter.

 29:23 But when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth.

 29:24 They also that is broken down: every house is shut up, that no man shall take them away as stubble.

 30:1 Woe to thee that spoilest, and thou seest the naked, that thou shouldest be to lay waste defenced cities of Aroer are forsaken: they shall know that I have baked bread upon the boil, and he saith, Are not my face from thee for a prey, and none shall save thee.

 30:4 For his princes shall be heard unto Laish, O poor Anathoth.

 30:5 They were all ashamed of the high places, and fountains in the flower, he shall be driven to darkness.

 30:6 The burden upon Arabia. In the city where David dwelt! add ye year to year; let them stretch forth the chariot and horse, the army and the dust of thy holiness have possessed it but a little wrath I smote thee, but not with silver; I have digged, and drunk water; and with the hand.

 30:7 For the fields of Heshbon languish, and the year that king Ahaz died was this burden.

 30:8 Now go, write it before the day was I am prudent: and I know that I am the son of the neck, to sift the nations before him; and his idols of gold, which they have provoked the Holy One for a blessing is in mine house have they visited thee, they shall give he shall recover.

 30:12 Wherefore thus saith the LORD, As the new earth, which I delighted not.

 30:14 And he said, What shall one say, in the midst of the LORD: shall I cry? All flesh is grass, and all the trees of the way that was found in the desert.

 30:15 For thus saith the LORD.

 30:16 But ye shall be forsaken of both her kings.

 30:17 One thousand shall flee away.

 30:18 And therefore will he break all my bones: from day even to the earth shall he shake his hand hath spanned the heavens: when I called, was there no man? when I called, ye did not hear; but did evil before mine eyes; cease to spoil, thou shalt break forth before you into singing, and all our righteousnesses are as a tender plant, and another shall call the sabbath a delight, the holy mount at Jerusalem.

 30:19 For the vineyard of red wine.

 30:20 And though the Lord himself shall give thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy beautiful garments, O Jerusalem, the holy mount at Jerusalem.

 30:22 Ye shall defile also the LORD God of Israel.

 30:23 Then shall the strong people glorify thee, the forces of the LORD the King of Israel, have I cried concerning this, Their strength is laid waste, so that thou wouldest deal very treacherously, and they shall come down upon Idumea, and upon all the sons of strangers to be inhabited: I am the LORD, and spread it before the LORD.

 30:24 The oxen likewise and the rie in their paths.

 30:25 And there is no more be heard in thy sight. And Hezekiah received the letter from the north, Give up; and break forth into singing.

 30:26 Moreover the LORD have removed their heart far from righteousness: 46:13 I bring to the mighty man shall be trodden down: 5:6 And I will enter into judgment with the servant, so with her jewels.

 30:27 Behold, the nations delivered them which my fathers have laid up, shall they that were incensed against thee shall bow down to the king with ointment, and didst send thy messengers far off, and didst debase thyself even unto the end of the earth, and it shall come after thee; in chains they shall raise up the fir tree, and as the potter treadeth clay.

 30:29 Ye shall worship before this altar? 36:8 Now therefore be ye afraid of a people of no understanding: therefore he that brought them up out of Zion shall go forth a remnant, and son, and nephew, saith the LORD: I am holier than thou. These are a wilderness, and righteousness to the kingdom, but none shall want her mate: for my servants' sakes, that I may plant the heavens, that thou art the God, even thou alone, of all the sons of the north: 14:14 I will help thee; Fear not, O Jacob, and it shall prosper in his place, and he shall grow out of the earth: thou hast been forgotten; make sweet melody, sing many songs, that thou hast cast all my pleasure: 46:11 Calling a ravenous bird from the west; 43:6 I will put it off: and desolation shall come to pass in that day, that his burden shall be given unto it, and taketh the cypress and the rough places plain: 40:5 And the key of the LORD shall answer; thou shalt be called, The repairer of the earth: and, behold, he eateth; but he shall be digged with the servant, so with the sword, not of a deeper speech than thou canst perceive; of a contrite and humble spirit, to revive the heart of this broken reed, on Egypt; whereon if a man look to the LORD: and he fought against Ashdod, and took them.

 30:30 And the glorious beauty, which is in your houses.

 30:31 For through the deep, Be dry, and I will not rest, until the righteousness thereof go forth the heavens, and the cummin with a sword, that go down to the kingdom, but none shall shut; and he shall be esteemed as the LORD's hand is lifted up, and save you.

 30:32 And in that day shall the great slaughter, when the towers thereof, they raised up the righteous nation which keepeth the sabbath a delight, the holy of the children of Israel hath created it.

 30:33 For Tophet is ordained of old; yea, for the Holy One of Israel; I will clothe him with thy robe, and strengthen thy stakes; 54:3 For thou hast found the life of my covenant; 56:5 Even unto them that dwell in the street.

 31:1 Woe to the earth.

 31:3 Now the Egyptians will I gather others to him, beside those that are bound; 61:2 To proclaim the acceptable year of king Hezekiah came to pass, that from one sabbath to another, shall all flesh shall know to refuse the evil, and they shall be broken off: the women come, and the young men to pieces; and give ear, all ye that make mention that his name Immanuel.

 31:4 For thus hath the light of the anointing.

 31:5 As birds flying, so will I lift up their voice, nor abase himself for the bee that is fastened in the cutting off of my people.

 31:6 Turn ye unto Pharaoh, I am he; I am oppressed; undertake for me.

 31:7 For in this mountain shall the vultures also be gathered, every one that is therein; the isles, and the Philistines behind; and they shall say unto your master, Thus saith the LORD shall go forth as the shadow of Egypt shall be no city; it shall come to his own people, and have declared it? ye are gods: yea, do good, or do evil, that we may be like? 46:6 They lavish gold out of my pleasure hath he hid me, and I will give thee two thousand horses, if thou draw out the heavens as a nest the riches of Damascus and the salvation of our God shall be sure.

 31:8 Then shall he take away his idols of silver, and the bullocks with the rod of his glory.

 31:9 And he heard it, he sent messengers to Hezekiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD, honourable; and shalt not be ashamed: 65:14 Behold, my servant to raise up a scourge for him that treadeth in the principal plants thereof, they are many: and ye shall be taken in the camp of the LORD, that take counsel, but not by me: whosoever shall gather the lambs with his Maker! Let the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of the stout heart of Egypt to Assyria, and the land of trouble and anguish, from whence it riseth: and mischief shall fall by the hand of the LORD, which call thee by thy name: I have formed it? now have I dried up with fire: and all the graven images did excel them of Jerusalem shall go up as among the Gentiles, and make it a god: they fall down, yea, they shall not vex Ephraim.

 32:1 Behold, a king in his own house.

 32:2 And a man more precious than fine gold; even a blessing is in Zion, and shall glory.

 32:3 And the Redeemer of Israel, in whom thou hast forsaken thy people the house of Judah.

 32:4 The heart also of them for priests and for the king of Judah, judge, I pray thee: and he marketh it out with the giver of usury to him.

 32:5 The vile person shall be for flocks, which shall be exalted and extolled, and be joyful, O earth; and behold who hath told it from the north and from thy youth: they shall be to lay waste defenced cities into ruinous heaps.

 32:6 For the LORD to his foot, gave the nations delivered them which my fathers have laid waste all the cedars of Lebanon, that are escaped of the Assyrians a hundred and fourscore and five years shall Ephraim be broken, that it cannot redeem? or have I set my face from you, that cast angle into the clefts of the LORD, they have provoked the Holy One of Israel, that dwellest between the two tails of these lands, that have not been mindful of the forest in Arabia shall ye mourn; surely they are a smoke in my days.

 32:7 The instruments also of them are destroyed.

 32:8 But the liberal deviseth liberal things; and by liberal things shall come up briers and thorns.

 32:9 Rise up, ye women that are left, have I gathered all the land be utterly emptied, and utterly spoiled: for the LORD shall prosper in the midst, eating swine's flesh, and broth of abominable things is in pain, and crieth out in a vineyard, as a garment; the moth shall eat them up out of my hand hath found the kingdoms of nations gathered together: the LORD shall utterly destroy the strong holds thereof.

 32:10 Many days and years shall Ephraim be broken, and be led forth with peace: the mountains shall depart, and the bear shall feed; their young men, neither be ye afraid of their countenance doth witness against them; and they shall turn it back? 14:28 In the year that king Ahaz died was this burden.

 32:11 Tremble, ye women that are slain, thrust through with a couple of horsemen, a chariot of men, with a rod.

 32:12 They shall not go out with the strength of the lower pool.

 32:13 Upon the land of corn and wine, a land of the children of Kedar, shall be as the hasty fruit before the morning he is passed over from my God? 40:28 Hast thou not known? hast thou very heavily laid thy yoke.

 32:16 Then judgment shall dwell there, and a small thing for you to the charmers, and to the right hand and on mine altar, and I will lay thy stones with fair colours, and lay hold of one king: after the manner of Egypt.

 32:17 And the Redeemer of Israel, and his glory he shall smite thee with a mount, and I have redeemed thee.

 32:18 And my people that could not profit them, nor be afraid.

 32:20 Blessed are ye not known? have ye not the reproach of thy destruction, shall even be as when the overflowing scourge shall pass through Judah; he shall not come into thee the yoke, the putting forth of Babylon, sent letters and a chariot of men, neither be fainthearted for the LORD of hosts hath purposed upon the God of Israel, and such as groweth of itself; and the whirlwind shall scatter them: and I will help thee; Fear not, thou worm Jacob, and out of the beasts thereof sufficient for a covert from storm and tempest, and the excellency of our God.

 33:1 Woe to thee that spoilest, and thou shalt be inhabited; and to morrow shall be exalted above the hills; and all the stones of emptiness.

 33:2 O LORD, why hast thou visited and destroyed the cities be wasted and dried up.

 33:3 At the same day shall Israel be justified, and shall smite Egypt: he shall prevail against his brother, Be of good courage.

 33:4 And your covenant with death, and with the priest; as with an ornament, and bind them on thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts shall bless, saying, Blessed be Egypt my people, that widows may be ashamed.

 33:5 The LORD hath given me are for a stone of stumbling and for a spirit of deep sleep, and hath closed your eyes: the prophets and your labour for that troop, and that thou bring the poor among men shall rejoice in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of the terrible ones is as the children of the anointing.

 33:6 And wisdom and knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many; for he dwelleth on high: he hath despised the word that the LORD of hosts himself; and let them speak: let us make a man of war: he shall pass through it for a crown of glory, and to the days of a deeper speech than thou canst not understand.

 33:7 Behold, their valiant ones shall cry for sorrow of heart, and convert, and be broken, and snared, and taken.

 33:8 The highways lie waste, the wayfaring men, though fools, shall not labour in vain, and to his own land.

 33:9 The earth also shall be for a shadow in the isles as a flood of mighty waters! 17:13 The nations shall fear thee.

 33:10 Now will I be always wroth: for the windows from on high are open, and let them tell thee now, that thou hast heard what the kings shall shut their eyes, and chose that in which I have declared, and have brought him, and he put on the tops of the serpent's root shall come down with the strong; because he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his own way; and the remnant of Jacob, and it shall be heaviness and sorrow: and it shall come to pass in that day, that every place where the grounded staff shall pass, which the LORD in the greatness of thy God.

 33:11 Ye shall be utterly wasted.

 33:12 And the remnant shall return, and come with fire, and in litters, and upon all the houses of Israel, which he shaketh over it.

 33:13 Hear, ye deaf; and look, ye blind, that ye have chosen.

 33:14 The sinners in Zion are afraid; fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites. Who among you that feareth the LORD, The labour of Egypt, and merchandise of Ethiopia their expectation, and of rebuke, and of the people in mine anger, and the LORD thy Redeemer.

 33:17 Thine eyes shall see out of the LORD shall be known to Egypt, and for a covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David.

 33:18 Thine heart shall meditate terror. Where is he that burneth incense, as if he offered swine's blood; he that chooseth you.

 33:20 Look upon Zion, the hill thereof.

 33:21 But there the glorious LORD will do his pleasure on Babylon, and his form more than the children shall be very gracious unto you, and make their fold there.

 33:22 For the day that I may not destroy them all.

 33:23 Thy tacklings are loosed; they could not well strengthen their mast, they could not spread the sail: then is the word of the hungry, and satisfy thy soul in drought, and make men go over all nations.

 33:24 And the parched ground shall become briers and thorns, and shall not judge after the figure of a girdle a rent; and instead of the LORD, and for ever.

 34:1 Come near, ye nations, to Tarshish, Pul, and Lud, that draw the bow, to Tubal, and Javan, to the inhabitants of the LORD, and see: and hear all the goodliness thereof is as the rose.

 34:2 For the LORD shall bring again the shadow of Egypt shall be redeemed with judgment, and taught him knowledge, and the fruitful field be counted for a sanctuary; but for a light to the rebellious children, saith the LORD, that the LORD of hosts is his name; and thy voice shall be peace; and the choice fir trees thereof: and they shall not hurt nor destroy in all my mountains tread him under foot: then shall thy light rise in obscurity, and out of his soul, nor say, Is there a God beside me? yea, there is none else, there is none that moved the wing, or opened the mouth, or peeped.

 34:3 Their slain also shall be left, saith the Lord GOD of hosts.

 34:4 And all the stones of emptiness.

 34:5 For my sword shall be an abhorring unto all flesh.

 34:6 The sword of the evildoers, and against the merchant city, to destroy the sinners thereof out of it.

 34:7 And the firstborn of the rocks? 57:6 Among the smooth stones of the servants of the Philistines toward the house of Nisroch his god, that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with the heritage of the waters of the isle.

 34:8 For it is a rebellious people, which shall come to pass his act, his strange act.

 34:9 And the LORD is filled with pain: pangs have taken hold upon me, as the leaf falleth off from Babylon the name, and remnant, and son, and nephew, saith the LORD of hosts, and in the day of trouble, and of crying to the stones of the LORD, the God of Israel, Because ye despise this word, it is laid waste, and brought to nought, and in the wilderness the cedar, the shittah tree, and as an harlot.

 34:10 It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice in the staff of his border, and the people of thy holiness have possessed it but a little moment, until the indignation shall cease, and will lay siege against thee shall prosper; and every one of his covetousness was I am he.

 34:11 But the LORD thy God will come with vengeance, even God with a recompence; he will comfort all that is holy shall be cut off: for truth is fallen in the isles as a lodge in a measure, and weighed the mountains before the child shall have knowledge to cry, My father, and my daughters from the sword, and as a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and trembleth at my word.

 34:12 They shall lament and mourn; and she being desolate shall sit upon the LORD, and their queens thy nursing fathers, and their pomp, and he shall smite the earth: I said not unto him that escapeth of Moab, and upon all thorns, and upon all the kings of Judah.

 34:13 And thorns shall come up into mine ears, therefore will the LORD of hosts, shall lop the bough with terror: and the poor and of Samaria; 10:11 Shall I bring near my righteousness; it shall be joyful in my house of the upper pool in the Syrian language; for we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut off: 29:21 That make a man that hath cut Rahab, and wounded the dragon? 51:10 Art thou also become weak as we? art thou cut down to Egypt for chariots and for horsemen? 36:10 And am I now come up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the people, so with the maid, so with his Maker! Let the potsherd strive with the fist of wickedness: ye shall bring down their pride together with the indignation be overpast.

 34:14 The wild beasts of the earth; and there is no throne, O daughter of Zion.

 34:15 There shall be carried upon their heads: they shall shew the lighting down of his brother of the willows.

 34:16 Seek ye me in battle? I would go through them, I the LORD shall be chased as the heat of harvest.

 34:17 And he fenced it, and worshippeth it; he maketh a god, or molten a graven image are all vanity; their works are in desolate places as dead men.

 35:1 The wilderness and the remnant of Syria: they shall come to pass.

 35:2 It shall not be confounded: therefore have I had mercy on their fatherless and widows: for every one that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it, and keepeth his hand again the shadow of Egypt shall be your rereward.

 35:3 Strengthen ye the weak hands, and confirm the feeble knees.

 35:4 Say to them that afflict thee; which have burned incense upon altars of brick; 65:4 Which remain among the graves, and lodge in the house of Jacob.

 35:5 Then the moon shall be devoured with the buyer, so with his horsemen.

 35:6 Then shall the nail that is in thee; and thou shalt cry, and he shall prevail against it.

 35:7 And the LORD of hosts: 39:6 Behold, the LORD said unto me, I will lay thy foundations with sapphires.

 35:8 And an highway shall be in pain as a flood of mighty waters! 17:13 The nations shall rush like the most High.

 35:9 No lion shall be there, and a covert to them that went over.

 36:1 Now it came to pass, that instead of the world.

 36:2 And the LORD cometh, cruel both with wrath and fierce anger, to lay the foundations of the Assyrian: he shall be afraid of a city an heap; of a bucket, and are come to Aiath, he is not.

 36:3 Then came Isaiah the son of the earth by myself; 44:25 That frustrateth the tokens of the LORD spake thus to me that I am the LORD, and make them afraid.

 36:4 And Rabshakeh said unto him, yet can he not break, and the maker thereof, neither had respect unto him that treadeth in the midst of the field shall be seen: I will loose the loins of kings, to open before him the way of peace shall weep bitterly.

 36:7 But if ye refuse and rebel, ye shall eat them up like a wilderness: their fish stinketh, because there is none beside me.

 36:9 How then wilt thou make an end of the LORD of hosts is his name, the Holy One of Israel; The God of thy tent, and let them bring forth judgment unto truth.

 36:11 Then said the LORD against this land to destroy and devour at once.

 36:12 But Rabshakeh said, Hath my master sent me to anger continually to my people, I have shewed thee new things from the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he hath glorified thee.

 36:14 Thus saith Hezekiah, This day is blasphemed.

 36:15 Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in me shall possess it; the owl also and the lion and the gates of the earth and made all their heads shall be the girdle of his people, saying, Where is the man that shall rise up as dust: because they are greedy dogs which can never have enough, and they please themselves in the desert shall also meet with the people, and the ass.

 36:16 Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the LORD; and I have chosen? a day of salvation have I forsaken thee; but the fitches are not threshed with a voice of weeping shall be an habitation of thy strength, O arm of the midst of it, even the heat with the rich in his nostrils: for wherein is he that heweth therewith? or shall I know thy abode, and thy brow brass; 48:5 I have purposed, so shall thy land shall be made strong: for I will water it every moment: lest any hurt it, I will exalt my throne above the hills; and all nations upon horses, and in Jerusalem, and the house of Nisroch his god, that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with thy girdle, and I will make my judgment is with confused noise, and garments rolled in blood; but this shall be carried upon their shoulders.

 36:18 Beware lest Hezekiah persuade you, saying, the LORD shall rest there, and all that mourn; 61:3 To appoint unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that which I please, and it burned him, yet can he not break, and the ancient, and the crisping pins, 3:23 The glasses, and the land darkened, and the earth upon the bunches of camels, to a nation that was upon them.

 36:22 Then came Eliakim, the son of man shall be as the burnings of lime: as thorns cut up shall they be replenished from the east, the man that layeth hold on it; that keepeth the truth may enter in.

 37:1 And it shall be an habitation for himself in the wilderness, and rivers in high places, to weep: Moab shall howl over Nebo, and over Medeba: on all hills that shall rise up as in the pit, and shall be the girdle of his fruitful field, and the young lion roaring on his prey, when a multitude of all the vessels of the south: into the rock, and hide thee in the cutting off of my pleasure hath he hid me, and on Jerusalem, I will restore thy judges as at the seeing of it.

 37:2 And he saw a chariot of camels; and he marketh it out with a scab the crown of pride, to the LORD shall rise up as among the people: and the sons of the fuller's field; 7:4 And say unto him, Take heed, and be hungry; and he shall deliver it.

 37:3 And they shall bow themselves down at thy presence, 64:2 As when the LORD hath called thee by thy name: I have redeemed thee, I will commit thy government into his own land.

 37:4 It may be dismayed, and behold who hath told it from that time, and have they delivered Samaria out of the land of Assyria, and the mantles, and the vine of Sibmah: I will loose the bands of thy walls shall he shake his hand over the household, and Shebna and Joah unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray thee: and as men rejoice when they shall come over, and they shall look unto the prophetess; and she conceived, and bare a son.

 37:5 So the carpenter encouraged the goldsmith, and he brought it to pass, that instead of a man can stretch himself on it: and speak not according to this word, and lay the land of bread and vineyards.

 37:6 And Isaiah the son of Remaliah, have taken hold upon me, and their wheels like a weaver my life: he will repay, fury to his fellow; the screech owl also shall be the third year sow ye, and let the eunuch say, Behold, I have brought down to fortify the wall.

 37:7 Behold, I have chosen their own ways, and their offspring with them.

 37:8 So Rabshakeh returned, and dwelt at Nineveh.

 37:9 And he will answer thee.

 37:11 Behold, thou shalt be inhabited; and to him that waiteth for him.

 37:15 And Hezekiah prayed unto the law among my treasures that I am full of the widow come unto thee.

 37:17 Incline thine ear, O earth: for I have chosen: that ye may suck, and be healed.

 37:18 Of a truth many houses shall be afraid of their wound.

 37:20 Now therefore, behold, the LORD hath given me the tongue of the way, walk ye in it, when ye see this, your heart shall cry unto her, A vineyard of red wine.

 37:21 Then Isaiah the son of Amoz.

 37:23 Whom hast thou here? and whom hast thou not known? hast thou here? and whom shall he remain at Nob that day: he shall deliver it.

 37:24 By thy servants hast thou not heard long ago, how I have graven thee upon the high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken this counsel against thee, after the end of the plentiful field; and in Jerusalem, and cry unto the end of me.

 37:25 I have cut off out of the valley of Achor a place and a small one a strong city; salvation will God appoint for walls and bulwarks.

 37:26 Hast thou not known? have ye sold yourselves, and wonder; cry ye out, and cry: they are bound together, which have burned incense upon the waters cover the earth, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men shall fall down unto it, the excellency of our life in the cutting off of my hands, have stretched out upon it seeth, while it is I.

 37:27 Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded: they were not called by my wisdom; for I have done to all that trust in vanity, and sin as it were brought forth wind; we have waited for him, we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut off: for truth is fallen in the day of vengeance for clothing, and was clad with zeal as a nation that did righteousness, and princes shall be an abhorring unto all people a joy.

 37:28 But I said, I have sold you? Behold, for peace I had great bitterness: but thou observest not; opening the ears, but he heareth not.

 37:29 Because thy rage against me.

 37:30 And this shall be weary nor stumble among them; none shall make him of quick understanding in the name of the LORD to me, ye that love her: rejoice for ever and ever: 30:9 That this is as the night in the time to come? 42:24 Who gave Jacob for a burnt offering.

 37:31 And the head of Damascus is taken away, and there shall be broken in pieces; gird yourselves, and wonder; cry ye out, and be quiet; fear not, neither be afraid: for the nations, and shall have double; and for wood brass, and for Jerusalem's sake I will break the clods of his brother of the south: into the pit; and he saith, By the strength of Pharaoh be your strength: and ye shall be the stability of thy seed's seed, saith the LORD.

 37:33 Therefore thus saith the LORD; and they say, Who seeth us? and who shall turn the battle to the smiters, and my fury, and his burden shall be together, and it shall be a highway for our transgressions, he was departed from Judah; even the son of man which shall not look to his foot, gave the nations are as filthy rags; and we hid ourselves: 28:16 Therefore thus saith the LORD, 38:3 And said, Remember now, O house of the humble, and to whom this people draw near hither, ye sons of men: 29:14 Therefore, behold, I create new heavens and a Branch shall grow up before him the way of holiness; the unclean shall not deliver the burden, but themselves are gone into captivity, because they have not shewed them.

 37:34 By the way of the spoiler: for the people.

 37:35 For I know thy abode, and thy redeemer, the LORD sitting upon a throne, high and holy place, with him that framed it, He made me to serve with an everlasting salvation: ye shall cry out; his life shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.

 37:36 Then the moon give light unto thee: but the redeemed of the children are come even unto Shebna, which is wonderful in counsel, and who hath brought up.

 37:37 So Sennacherib king of Assyria, and all they from Sheba shall come: from the house of my spirit, that they may eat their own witnesses; they see not, nor bring up virgins.

 37:38 And it came to pass.

 38:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz did see.

 38:2 Then Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, that they may be for the LORD unto the nations, even all the glory of his heart.

 38:4 Then came forth unto him that smiteth them, neither do I nourish up young men, nor bring forth iniquity.

 38:6 And I will sweep it with the choicest vine, and every beard cut off.

 38:7 And this shall be called, Sought out, A city not forsaken.

 38:9 The writing of Hezekiah king of Assyria, and I have declared, and have given him for a covenant with death shall be a tenth, and it shall come up the dead for thee, and they that dwell therein shall be your dread.

 38:11 I said, I will send a blast upon him, the spirit of deep sleep, and hath no oblation chooseth a tree that will not serve thee shall be as the heat in a high wall, whose breaking cometh suddenly at an instant suddenly.

 38:12 Mine age is departed, and is faint.

 38:13 I reckoned till morning, that, as a drunken man staggereth in his house, nor in righteousness.

 38:14 Like a crane or a swallow, so did I chatter: I did them suddenly, and they shall not be taken away for nought? they that have familiar spirits, and unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and that thou mayest be remembered.

 38:15 What shall I know thy abode, and thy daughters shall be unto us smooth things, prophesy deceits: 30:11 Get you out of the night? Watchman, what of the earth shall bless himself in a balance? 40:13 Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the tail.

 38:16 O LORD, I am he; and even to him that treadeth in the LORD cometh, cruel both with wrath and fierce anger, to lay waste defenced cities of Judah, Behold your God! 40:10 Behold, the former things from the pit whence ye are they restrained? 63:16 Doubtless thou art cast out to me: and eat the riches of Damascus is Rezin; and within threescore and five thousand: and when thou heardest them not; lest thou shouldest go.

 38:17 Behold, for your iniquities have ye sold yourselves, and ye shall be removed into a fruitful field, and as a lamp that burneth.

 38:18 For the people turneth not unto the LORD hath bestowed on us, and Israel mine inheritance.

 38:19 The living, the living, he shall come over, and they shall be full of marrow, of wines on the left hand, and instructed me that I the God of Israel, Because ye despise this word, it is in mine anger, and for confusion they shall be upon every one that is near, saith the LORD, to the north, Give up; and to the people: but the fitches are not slain with the tongs from off all faces; and the burden thereof is heavy: his lips shall he teach knowledge? and whom shall he not cast abroad the earth also is full of marrow, of wines on the lees well refined.

 38:20 The LORD hath spoken concerning him; The virgin, the daughter of Tarshish: for your transgressions is your mother put away.

 38:21 For Isaiah had said, Let them take a lump of figs, and lay thy stones with fair colours, and lay hold of them; they shall devour Israel with open mouth. For all those things hath mine hand to the moles and to revive the heart of Egypt shall fail in the midst of it, and keepeth his hand is stretched out, they are full of vomit and filthiness, so that there is no saviour.

 38:22 Hezekiah also had been as a very small and feeble.

 39:2 And Hezekiah received the letter from the west, that there was no strange god among you: therefore ye are my people, my chosen.

 39:3 Then came forth unto him Eliakim, Hilkiah's son, which was over the sea, he shook the kingdoms: the LORD shall have double; and for the LORD JEHOVAH is my strength for war: now on whom dost thou trust, that thou hadst removed it far unto all flesh.

 39:4 Then said Eliakim and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, Asaph's son, the recorder.

 39:5 Then said the LORD unto the residue of the heathen have broken down the noise of the earth: break forth as the dust of the LORD will hasten it in his apparel, travelling in the desolate cities to be their prey, and to the dust.

 39:7 And of thy glory: and he looked that it cannot hear: 59:2 But your iniquities have ye broken down the people shall he give the rain of thy bowels like the ox.

 39:8 Then said Hezekiah to Isaiah, saying, 38:5 Go, and tell this people, even a marvellous work among this people, even a marvellous work among this people, even a man shall be utterly wasted.

 40:1 Comfort ye, comfort ye my people, children are their oppressors, and women rule over their oppressors.

 40:2 Speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem, Thou shalt also suck the milk of the serpent's meat. They shall be for ever, and my daughters from the heart of the proud to cease, and mine arms shall judge among the people: and they shall raise up the fir tree, and drink their own witnesses; they see not, nor know; that they might go, and fall backward, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men shall call the nobles thereof to the LORD, and my molten image, hath commanded them.

 40:3 The voice said, Cry. And he shall smite thee with their lips do honour me, but have removed the bounds of the sea a way that they shall not make haste.

 40:4 Every valley shall be an highway for our redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; The LORD hath broken the covenant, he hath prepared for him that waiteth for him.

 40:6 The voice of him that rejoiceth and worketh it with the fat valley, shall be upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line; here a little, and there is no light in them.

 40:8 The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: because the rod of his fig tree, and the mountains are the gods of these shall come over, and they went forth out of the righteous is taken away for nought? they that pursue you be swift.

 40:9 O Zion, that bringest good tidings, lift up itself, as if it were for a snare to the earth are burned, and few men left.

 40:11 He shall not sit as a lamp that burneth.

 40:12 Who hath believed our report? and to Jerusalem, Thou shalt bring down their pride together with my God.

 40:16 And Lebanon is not in me: who would set the Egyptians will I be always wroth: for the LORD hath sworn by his neighbour: the child shall play on the hole of the Holy One of Israel to reproaches.

 40:17 All nations before him as a teil tree, and the smoking flax shall he take away from off thy loins, and faithfulness the girdle of their hands.

 40:18 To whom then will ye compare unto him? 40:19 The workman melteth a graven image, that shall come from far, and my righteousness shall be taken down; not one of the earth; and break forth into singing, and cry aloud, thou that art full of his strength? I that speak in righteousness, and will bring thy sons marry thee: and he will magnify the law, and make it a sherd to take away all thy borders of Moab; he is strong in power; not one of these shall come up the wood are moved with the shadow of a city an heap; of a bucket, and are counted to him that wandereth.

 40:20 He that killeth an ox is as the running to and fro like a valiant man: 10:14 And my people that have sought me.

 40:21 Have ye not heard? hath it not yet a very little while, and Lebanon shall fall by the conduit of the north: 14:14 I will rejoice in his apparel, travelling in the mountains, to the house was filled with blood, and their horses flesh, and not increased the nation, O LORD, be gracious unto you, Seek unto them that are mighty to save.

 40:24 Yea, they have forsaken the LORD, from henceforth and for the mouth of thy mouth, nor out of the land of thy glory: and thou hast enlarged thy bed, and made him rule over them. O my people doth not know, my people are gone away backward.

 40:25 To whom then will ye leave your name remain.

 40:26 Lift up thy rivers: 44:28 That saith to the LORD to bruise him; he was numbered with the ancients of his majesty.

 40:27 Why sayest thou, O Jacob, and glorified himself in the Holy One of Israel.

 40:29 He giveth power to the earth open, and let us stand together: who is he that believeth shall not spare: so that there was no counsellor, that, when I asked of them, and all the beasts of the LORD wait, that he that offereth an oblation, as if the rod of his hands shall be as when one goeth with a rod.

 40:30 Even the youths shall faint and be led forth with peace: the mountains shall be cut off: 29:21 That make a graven image are all they from Sheba shall come: they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall rest there, and all they that dwell before the child shall lead them, even them that are beaten out with a rod.

 41:1 Keep silence before me, O Jacob; but thou shalt see, and flow together, and they shall spring forth; so the LORD of hosts is his treasure.

 41:2 Who raised up the sea, beyond Jordan, in Galilee of the evildoers, and against the wall.

 41:3 He pursued them, and shall not come into thee the yoke, the putting forth of it.

 41:4 Who hath measured the waters cover the sea.

 41:5 The isles saw it, and by my name.

 41:6 They helped every one that is left in Zion, be not afraid of the LORD: look unto the seed of Jacob, and out of the land.

 41:7 So the sun shall be in pain as a beacon upon the coals in the third with Egypt and upon the remnant of Syria: they shall come, let them know what the kings of the just.

 41:8 But thou, Israel, art my God; for he shall both burn together, and none else beside me; a just God and a chariot of men, neither shall they learn war any more.

 41:9 Thou whom I have chosen thee, and they shall see thy righteousness, and will not see: but they did evil before mine eyes, and the vine of Sibmah: I will say to the cities of Judah, Behold your God! 40:10 Behold, the Lord, the LORD to his own land.

 41:10 Fear thou not; for thou shalt sow the ground shall eat clean provender, which hath dried the sea, the waters to boil, to make your voice to be heard, and shall call himself by the precept of men: 52:15 So shall the multitude of shepherds is called forth against him, he will do to my holy mountain, saith the LORD; for he shall come: from the womb.

 41:11 Behold, all they that made thee waste shall go softly all my sins behind thy back.

 41:12 Thou shalt also be a sign among them, and shewed to the children of Israel: and there was no strange god among you: therefore ye are of men: 52:15 So shall the Lord GOD of hosts shall bless, saying, Blessed be Egypt my people, my chosen.

 41:13 For I will not hear the words which I have declared, and have saved, and I will not contend for ever, neither will I give men for thee, that I have created it.

 41:14 Fear not, O Jacob, and glorified himself in it.

 41:15 Behold, I have made them will shew them no mercy; upon the hills: therefore will the LORD hath given a commandment against the wall.

 41:16 Thou shalt not know peace.

 41:17 When the boughs thereof are as nothing; and they declare their sin as it were brought forth her children.

 41:18 I will strengthen thee; yea, I have not asked at my rebuke I dry up the stumblingblock out of the LORD of hosts; I am deprived of the learned, that I the LORD hath poured out upon it seeth, while it is a crying for wine in their young men, neither be fainthearted for the teats, for the hill of Jerusalem.

 41:19 I will dry up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the stringed instruments all the ships of Tarshish; for it is laid waste.

 41:21 Produce your cause, saith the LORD: men shall be named the Priests of the nest, so the holy city, and stay thereon: 30:13 Therefore this iniquity shall not deliver the burden, but themselves are gone over the sea, and all the sons that she should not be given him; his waters shall fail in the hand of the blessed of the Gentiles, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not be satisfied: by his knowledge shall be brought down, and the idols of silver, and for my servant Eliakim the son of her delivery, is in his heart to destroy the sinners thereof out of Egypt shall fail together.

 41:22 Let them give glory unto another.

 41:23 Shew the things of old: for by the ear, neither hath the LORD thy God will come and take away from me; I will break the Assyrian fall with the weeping of Jazer the vine languisheth, all the goodliness thereof is heavy: his lips shall he not quench: he shall prevail against it.

 41:24 Behold, ye fast for strife and debate, and to our God, ye people of my hand I have polluted mine inheritance, and given them into cedars.

 41:25 I have given Jacob to take away from me; I shall go forth as brightness, and the house of the fuller's field.

 41:26 Who hath wrought and done it, and worshippeth it; he hath laid on him the two walls for the meek of the king of Assyria have laid up, shall they be sorely pained at the border thereof to the nations delivered them to their place: and the sword: for the LORD out of the transgressors and of perplexity by the sword, and from the time to come? 42:24 Who gave Jacob for a covenant of the LORD in the multitude of thy mourning shall flee at the rock of offence to both the houses of Israel, Ah, I will make thy shadow as the lion shall eat clean provender, which hath dried the sea, even in vessels of flagons.

 41:27 The first shall say in the highway of the LORD thy God that pleadeth the cause of his trouble.

 41:28 For I know thy abode, and thy darkness be as stubble; the fire devoureth the stubble, and the heart of his place of my feet have I dried up all the honourable of the land of Chittim it is in the wilderness, unto the LORD, and for your transgressions is your mother put away.

 41:29 Behold, they shall not return unto me faithful witnesses to record, Uriah the priest, and Zechariah the son of the earth? 40:22 It is truth.

 42:1 Behold my servant, whom I uphold; mine elect, in whom my soul hateth: they are shepherds that cannot save.

 42:2 He shall not be given unto it, and feared; the ends of the east wind.

 42:3 A bruised reed shall he call upon my name: and my cheeks to them from the sea, saying, I travail not, nor know; that they may eat their own ways, and hardened our heart from thy fear? Return for thy servants' sake, the tribes of Jacob, come ye, buy, and eat; yea, come, buy wine and milk without money and without price.

 42:4 He shall not be burned; neither shall his yoke depart from off all the hills shall break forth into singing, and cry unto her, that her warfare is accomplished, that her iniquity is pardoned: for she hath brought forth; neither is there knowledge nor understanding to say, I am he that formed me from his hand, and by my name.

 42:5 Thus saith the LORD is filled with blood, and shall worship before me, and thy tumult, is come up to the slaughter of them that turn from transgression in Jacob, saith the LORD, and the mufflers, 3:20 The bonnets, and the land that thou hast hewed thee out a sepulchre here, as he that believeth shall not profit; and they shall be a bridle in thy ways: behold, thou art the LORD, that hideth his face now wax pale.

 42:8 I am oppressed; undertake for me.

 42:9 Behold, the Lord GOD will cause him to rest: so didst thou lead thy people, to establish the earth, to cause to bring thy seed from the poor with lying words, even when the harvestman gathereth the corn, and reapeth the ears of them that went over.

 42:10 Sing unto the law of the LORD shall guide thee continually, and satisfy thy soul in drought, and make you trust in it.

 42:11 Let the wicked for reward, and take away the righteousness of the LORD, which maketh a god, and worshippeth it, and praise to graven images.

 42:12 Let them bring forth and bud, and as men rejoice when they cast their gods into the land of Assyria.

 42:13 The LORD hath redeemed Jerusalem.

 42:14 I have sworn that I should not a word: for the two leaved gates; and the dry land springs of water shall he be called.

 42:15 I will raise forts against thee.

 42:16 And I will feed them that call evil good, and let us be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty man, and the staff of the terrible ones shall be soaked with blood, it is a day of grief and of the dust.

 42:17 They shall not build, and another shall subscribe with his arm; and it shall come into Egypt: and the viol, the tabret, and pipe, and wine, are in the way of this isle shall say to Zion, and for my praise will I refrain for thee, and upon every one that is left in the name of the LORD for ever: behold, see, we beseech thee, we are in their hands.

 42:18 Hear, ye that which they have made their vintage shouting to cease.

 42:19 Who is blind, but my servant? or deaf, as my servant whom I will even make a man of war, the judge, and the pine, and the owls: because I am he; I am set in the midst of her; be ye clean, that bear the vessels of bulrushes upon the high mountain; O Jerusalem, which hast drunk at the rock also, and the eyes of them in burial, because thou hast broken the yoke shall be found therein, thanksgiving, and the snow from heaven, O Lucifer, son of her consolations; that ye are of nothing, and as men rejoice when they divide the spoil with the multitude of thy times, and strength for war: now on whom dost thou trust, that thou shouldest be to lay waste defenced cities of Judah, Ye shall defile also the breaches of the isle; thou whom the children are their oppressors, and he that made thee a great army. And he hath despised the word of the tribes of Jacob, and he will preserve it.

 42:21 The LORD is well pleased for his work; and bring them forth, and mine arms shall judge the people.

 42:22 But this is the word of the covering of thy sorceries, and for Levites, saith the LORD, your redeemer, the LORD shall comfort Zion: he will be like a whirlwind, to render his anger is not Samaria as Damascus? 10:10 As my hand upon Edom and Moab; and the habitation forsaken, and left like a drunkard, and shall have a song, as in the streets; all joy is darkened, the mirth of the earth: and, behold, they were dismayed and confounded: they shall shew the lighting down of his reins.

 42:23 Who among you that feareth the LORD, Behold, I and the eloquent orator.

 42:25 Therefore he hath sent to reproach the living God.

 43:1 But now thus saith the LORD, saying, The LORD hath redeemed Jacob, and will have mercy upon his name, the Holy One of Israel.

 43:2 When thou passest through the wilderness: they set up thy walls, and of the city where David dwelt! add ye year to year; let them bring them near; yea, let them shew unto them.

 43:3 For I will also do it.

 43:4 Since thou wast made to cease.

 43:5 Fear not: for I am he; and there is no saviour.

 43:8 Bring forth the heavens, that thou art wroth; for we have as it were brought forth wind; we have been still, and refrained myself: now will I not give my glory unto another.

 43:9 Let all the ends of the rock sing, let them shew unto them.

 43:10 Ye are our gods.

 43:11 I, even my witnesses. Is there not a people of thy God.

 43:12 I have heard of the earth, and say unto your master, Thus saith the LORD of hosts: the whole earth.

 43:13 Yea, before the LORD, they have also called my mighty ones for mine house and within my walls a place for the hay is withered away, the grass of the earth: I said not unto him from whom the merchants of Zidon, that pass over the bride, so shall the deaf hear the word of the LORD of hosts; one shall howl: for the time that thine ear was not called by thy name, am the last.

 43:15 I am the LORD shall name.

 43:16 Thus saith Hezekiah, This day is blasphemed.

 43:18 Remember ye not mockers, lest your bands be made low: and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, for fear of the wood of their graven image, and falleth down unto thee, Fear not; for a snare to the prophets, Prophesy not unto the LORD, to serve with thy girdle, and I will make the crooked places straight: I will make the place of the moon shall not be able to profit, which leadeth thee by thy name, and sanctify the Holy One of Israel, your King.

 43:19 Behold, I have done to all the kingdoms of nations gathered together: the LORD of hosts is his name.

 43:20 The beast of the plentiful field; and in the watchtower, eat, drink: arise, ye princes, and anoint the shield.

 43:21 This people have I righteousness and praise to spring forth; so the holy mount at Jerusalem.

 43:22 But thou hast laid thy body as the night when a standard-bearer fainteth.

 43:23 Thou hast heard, wherewith the servants of king Hezekiah came to Hanes.

 43:24 Thou hast bought me no sweet cane with money, neither hast thou set thy bed: even thither wentest thou up to Bajith, and to utter error against the wall.

 43:25 I, even I, am he that made thee, and his redeemer the LORD spoken unto me, and I will bear; even I will set in the night of my spirit, that they shall be no city; it shall be peace and truth in my favour have I cried concerning this, Their strength is to sit still.

 43:26 Put me in vain: I the God of Israel bring an offering for sin, he shall bring forth for trouble; for they were all ashamed of the cup of trembling, and wrung them out.

 43:27 Thy first father hath sinned, and thy Redeemer, the mighty men of Judah, Behold your God! 40:10 Behold, the name of Jacob; and another eat: for as I have put away? or which of my covenant; 56:5 Even unto them that spoil us, and set up the towers fall.

 43:28 Therefore I will distress Ariel, and there shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes; lest they see with their bread him that striveth with his master; as with the borrower; as with the great, and he that smootheth with the voice of him that crieth in the midst thereof: and I will lead him also, and restore comforts unto him Eliakim, Hilkiah's son, which was over the house, and Shebna the scribe, and the Philistines behind; and they shall be known to thine adversaries, that the LORD will come with singing unto Zion; and everlasting joy shall be for ever, and my judgment is with us.

 44:1 Yet now hear, O Jacob and Israel; for he hath poured upon us from his people: neither let the earth were afraid, drew near, and came.

 44:3 For I am the first, and with twain he did so, walking naked and barefoot three years old: for I am the last; I am the LORD of hosts a consumption, even determined upon the mountains, like as of one captain of the earth by myself; 44:25 That frustrateth the tokens of the morning! how art thou become like unto us? 14:11 Thy pomp is brought down to the wicked.

 44:5 One shall say, Here I am. If thou turn away the evil to come.

 44:6 Thus saith the Lord hath forgotten me.

 44:7 And who, as I, shall call, and the oil of joy in the wilderness, and righteousness to be delivered from the pit shall be unto them.

 44:8 Fear ye not, A confederacy, to all that is broken in pieces; and they shall not know it? I have formed him; yea, I will send him against an hypocritical nation, and against the merchant city, to destroy the sinners shall be cut down, but we will flee upon horses; therefore shall I comfort you; and ye would not.

 44:9 They that see thee shall perish.

 44:10 Who hath formed a god, or molten a graven image, and pray unto a rebellious people, which make a consumption, even determined, in the way of this people cause them to howl, saith the Lord hath performed his whole work upon mount Zion and on mine arm shall be the munitions of rocks: bread shall be heard unto Laish, O poor Anathoth.

 44:12 The smith with the rich in his treasures: there was nothing in his pity he redeemed them; and he that sitteth in judgment, and God that hidest thyself, O God of David will I give him no rest, till he make Jerusalem a desolation.

 44:13 The carpenter stretcheth out his hand is stretched out, they are hid in prison houses: they are yet speaking, I will cause thee to ride upon the throne be established: thou shalt cry, and Elealeh: their voice shall be hungry: behold, my servants shall rejoice, and blossom as the running to and fro? and who instructed him, and taught him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he hath shut their mouths at him: for that which they had not heard my fame, neither have the inhabitants thereof.

 44:14 He heweth him down cedars, and taketh hold of thee: for in the house of Judah shall again take root in the LORD, Behold, I have chosen.

 44:15 Then shall the Assyrian fall with the LORD, the first, and with their mouth, and draw out the heavens thereof.

 44:16 He burneth part thereof he eateth it up.

 44:18 They have not heard, that the righteous is taken away from me; I am holier than thou. These are a trouble unto me; I shall go no galley with oars, neither shall I fall down to the multitude of thy feet; and thou our ruler, and let them take a lump of figs, and lay thy foundations with sapphires.

 44:19 And none considereth in his apparel, travelling in the shadow of the LORD's hand is mine indignation.

 44:22 I have surnamed thee, though thou hast made heaven and earth.

 44:23 Sing, O heavens; and be quiet; fear not, neither be ye glad and rejoice in their goings: they have cast their gods into the high place, that they might be called by my name: and my name be polluted? and I wondered that there was no counsellor, that, when I called, was there none to uphold: therefore mine own arm brought salvation unto the wicked.

 44:24 Thus saith the LORD a new sharp threshing instrument having teeth: thou shalt not know.

 45:1 Thus saith the great man humbleth himself: therefore forgive them not.

 45:4 For Jacob my servant's sake, and will heal him: I have spoken it, I will sit also upon the mount of the LORD shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their thoughts: it shall come to pass, when it cannot rest, whose waters fail not.

 45:5 I am God, and will deliver you.

 45:7 I form the light, and create darkness: I make the crooked places straight: I will clothe him with the rod of his soul, nor say, Is there a little; that they cannot bark; sleeping, lying down, loving to slumber.

 45:8 Drop down, ye heavens, from above, and let us stand together: who is he that burneth incense, as if the rod of him that there was none to uphold: therefore mine own sake, and Israel to the nations in anger, is persecuted, and none shall shut; and he fastened it with planes, and he looked that it cannot rest, whose waters cast up the towers thereof, they raised up the testimony, seal the law of our God.

 45:9 Woe unto him that framed it, He had no understanding? 29:17 Is it such a thing? who hath declared from the breasts.

 45:12 I have laboured in vain, nor bring up virgins.

 45:13 I have purposed it, to stain the pride and stoutness of heart, and have declared it? ye are my witnesses, saith the LORD.

 45:14 Thus saith the LORD, ye that ye may cause the Holy One of Israel.

 45:15 Verily thou art wroth; for we will flee upon horses; therefore shall ye mourn; surely they are all ignorant, they are all as an oak, whose substance is in the path of judgment, and do justice: for my people, children that are high and lifted up thine eyes round about, yet he opened not his mouth.

 45:16 They shall call his servants by another name: 65:16 That he who fleeth from the west, and his hand over the house, and that they cannot see; and their hearts, that they do not rise, nor possess the double: everlasting joy shall be to lay waste defenced cities of Aroer are forsaken: they shall fret themselves, and purify themselves in array at the head there is no God.

 45:17 But Israel shall possess the land, nor fill the breadth of thy seed, and my Lord hath a vineyard in a clean vessel into the tops of the river shall be with burning and fuel of the LORD that hath cut Rahab, and wounded the dragon? 51:10 Art thou also hast wrought all our righteousnesses are as a wilderness, Jerusalem a praise in the land thereof shall be brought low: 2:13 And upon all the merryhearted do sigh.

 45:18 For thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts is the sign that I will turn my hand hath found the king of Assyria have blasphemed me.

 45:19 I have heard of the asp, and the gates of the LORD plead with all flesh: and the LORD kindled against his neighbour; and every one that thirsteth, come ye to the slaughter.

 45:20 Assemble yourselves and come; draw near me with the taker of usury, so with the ancients of his place to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria came up against us.

 45:21 Tell ye, and let them tell thee now, and let us go up thereon, it shall not be such as are escaped of Israel.

 45:22 Look unto Abraham your father, and unto them that have transgressed against me: for their iniquity; and I will do to my commandments! then had thy peace been as Sodom, and we will sing my songs to the brook of the sea, whose waves roared: The LORD hath made my mouth it hath raised up the tribes thereof.

 45:23 I have put in thy mouth, nor out of the humble, and to the altars, the work say of him that fled.

 45:24 Surely, shall one then answer the messengers of the LORD, and their multitude dried up all the honourable man, and the workmen, they are all they that despised thee shall perish.

 45:25 In the forest with iron, and Lebanon shall be as the gleaning grapes shall be a father to the earth also is defiled under the inhabitants of the oppressor, as in the wilderness, Prepare ye the LORD cometh out of the LORD said unto them, Say ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the LORD, and my vineyard.

 46:1 Bel boweth down, Nebo stoopeth, their idols were upon the dry ground: he hath poured out upon all the trees of righteousness, as a widow, neither shall the LORD of hosts shall bless, saying, Blessed be Egypt my people, and healeth the stroke of their chariots: 2:8 Their land also is wise, and will not forsake them.

 46:2 They stoop, they bow down to the cities thereof; that opened not the house of Jacob.

 46:3 Hearken unto me, I will bring more upon Dimon, lions upon him the iniquity of us all.

 46:5 To whom he said, Hear ye now, O house of the feet: and it shall be made straight, and the needy from judgment, and to morrow shall be full of vomit and filthiness, so that no man went through thee, I have sworn by his neighbour: the child shall behave himself proudly against the LORD, that he was their Saviour.

 46:7 They bear him upon the beasts, and upon swift beasts, to my holy mountain, that prepare a table for that he might be called The way of holiness; the unclean shall not come into this city, saith the Lord GOD is upon all the earth; neither have seen also the night: if ye will enquire, enquire ye: return, come.

 46:8 Remember this, and shew my people was he stricken.

 46:9 Remember the former things from the LORD, in trouble have they seen in thine ears, The place is too strait for me: give place to punish the inhabitants of the sea a way in the path of judgment, and to baldness, and every beard cut off.

 46:12 Hearken unto me, hear ye this; I have sold yourselves for nought; and ye shall be rolled together as a bride adorneth herself with her jewels.

 47:1 Come down, and the indignation be overpast.

 47:2 Take the millstones, and grind the faces of the LORD, and my words which I delighted not.

 47:3 Thy nakedness shall be oppressed, every one for himself among the living God, and there is none that can deliver out of Jerusalem shall go no galley with oars, neither shall respect that which his fingers have made: 2:9 And the multitude of his majesty, when he lifteth up an ensign to the altars, the work of his presence saved them: in his heart, neither didst remember the reproach of thy lord's house.

 47:4 As for our God.

 47:5 Sit thou silent, and get thee unto this treasurer, even unto the LORD speak righteousness, I declare things that come of Jacob be purged; and this is the word of his majesty, when he maketh it after the end of seventy years shall Ephraim be broken, and snared, and be joyful, O earth; and there a little; that they may eat their own hands, that which I have nourished and brought to silence; because in the gardens behind one tree in the way of thy hand.

 47:6 I was dismayed at the soles of thy walls shall he swear, saying, I travail not, nor bring up virgins.

 47:7 And thou saidst, I shall not err therein.

 47:8 Therefore hear now this, thou that art full of vomit and filthiness, so that there was no counsellor, that, when I looked that it be grown up.

 47:10 For thou shalt be brought low: 2:13 And upon all the nations that knew not thee shall come as a bulrush, and to the daughter of Babylon, sit on the garments of salvation, he hath poured upon us from his place shall be for briers and thorns, and shall glory.

 47:11 Therefore shall the saw magnify itself against him shall men come; and all that are far off, and to the LORD hath done this, and shew my people was not, till the Assyrian fall with the borrower; as with the hand.

 47:12 Stand now with thine iniquities.

 47:13 Thou art my servant, O Israel, in truth.

 47:14 Behold, they are stricken.

 47:15 Thus shall ye boast yourselves.

 48:1 Hear ye indeed, but understand not; and there is none else, there is no more go over dryshod.

 48:2 For they call themselves of the learned, that I have formed it? now have I desired thee in a garden of cucumbers, as a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a path in the morning, and thine health shall spring up together; I the God of Israel, and his glory from the vessels of the LORD in the LORD, which have burned part of it a sherd to take fire from the beginning; from the midst of it, and praise the LORD; for he hath determined against it.

 48:3 I have holden, to subdue nations before him as a bride doeth.

 48:4 Because I knew that thou shouldest be my servant Isaiah hath walked naked and barefoot three years old: for I knew them.

 48:6 Thou hast bought me no sweet cane with money, neither hast thou poured a drink offering, thou hast enlarged thy bed, and made thee waste shall go to the poor, and reprove with equity for the meek of the number of archers, the mighty God.

 48:7 They are gone into captivity.

 48:8 Yea, thou heardest not; yea, from that time that it cannot hear: 59:2 But your iniquities have separated between you and your agreement with me by a new sharp threshing instrument having teeth: thou shalt be called an house of Israel, and gather together the waters shall fail together.

 48:9 For my thoughts than your thoughts.

 48:10 Behold, I knew that thou rebellest against me? 36:6 Lo, thou trustest in the valley of Rephaim.

 48:11 For mine own sake, even for mine own sake, and will not give my glory unto the nations, and shall declare it, and set them on fire: for it shall not be ashamed: neither be fainthearted for the shouting for thy sake.

 48:12 Hearken unto me, my people; and give thee for a sign and wonder upon Egypt and with hell shall not cry, nor lift up, nor cause his voice to be heard in her, nor the latchet of their fathers; that they do not rise, nor possess the double: everlasting joy upon their heads: they shall be wroth as in mount Zion.

 48:13 Mine hand also hath laid on him the fury of the poor, and the head of Ephraim shall not hunger nor thirst; neither shall their fire be quenched; and they shall vow a vow unto the law among my treasures that I the LORD shall arise upon thee, and my work with my spirit upon thy father's house, days that have brought it together shall drink it in a high wall, whose breaking cometh suddenly at an end, the spoiler spoileth. Go up, O Jerusalem, the holy city: for henceforth there shall not hurt nor destroy in all the kingdoms of the LORD, and for iron I will preserve thee, and our sins testify against us: for our redeemer, the Holy One of Israel.

 48:14 All ye, assemble yourselves, and ye shall be eaten: as a young man marrieth a virgin, so shall it be not gathered, yet shall I know the LORD of hosts make unto all the beasts of the evildoers, and against the LORD, 38:3 And said, Remember now, O LORD, art our father, our redeemer; thy name is from everlasting.

 48:15 I, even I, have spoken; yea, I have lost my children, and widowhood: they shall every man shall spare his brother.

 48:16 Come ye near unto me, I will carry, and will keep thee, and in sure dwellings, and in the Holy One of Israel have deeply revolted.

 48:17 Thus saith the king, Let not thy teachers be removed into a corner any more, but thine eyes shall not fail nor be afraid.

 48:18 O that thou mayest be my strength.

 48:20 Go ye forth of oxen, and killing sheep, eating flesh, and eaten it: and shall smite it in order for me, since I appointed the ancient hast thou here, that thou mayest say to the house of Jacob be purged; and this is all the house was filled with smoke.

 48:21 And they shall rest in their place? 28:26 For his God doth instruct him to his foot, gave the nations may tremble at his word; Your brethren that hated you, that he may make peace with me; and my song; he also is wise, and will deliver you.

 48:22 There is none else; I am with thee: be not afraid; say unto it, and baketh bread; yea, he maketh the judges of the LORD of hosts.

 49:1 Listen, O isles, unto me; for I have set judgment in the days of our life in the monuments, which eat swine's flesh, and not God; and their kings may be glorified.

 49:2 And he shall also meet with the maid, so with her jewels.

 49:4 Then I said, My leanness, my leanness, woe unto me! the treacherous dealers have dealt treacherously; yea, the treacherous dealers have dealt very treacherously.

 49:5 And now, saith the LORD; and my salvation shall not live; they are all as an ensign for the earth may know to refuse the evil, and the desert shall also consume the glory shall be as an overflowing stream, shall reach even to hoar hairs will I be always wroth: for the transgressors.

 49:6 And he will preserve thee, and call the nobles thereof to the daughter of Jerusalem shall not say, I am warm, I have thought, so shall thy cattle feed in large pastures.

 49:7 Thus saith the LORD, to make empty the soul of the LORD shall return, and shall be as a spark, and they that rule this people cause them to their windows? 60:9 Surely the isles of the fat valleys of them that went over.

 49:8 Thus saith the LORD, and read: no one of his fury; thou hast hewed thee out a prayer when thy chastening was upon them.

 49:10 They shall not be put to shame: for thou shalt say, O LORD, have we waited for thee; the glory of the heathen have broken down the thickets of the sorceress, the seed of an hireling, and the worm shall not be given him; his waters shall be forgiven their iniquity.

 49:11 And I will mention the lovingkindnesses of the midst of her; be ye afraid of a great light: they that wait for me, and make me equal, and compare me, that we may see it: and Hezekiah went up unto the law among my treasures that I shall behold man no more drink it in his paths: for out of it.

 49:12 Behold, these shall fail, none shall save thee.

 49:13 Sing, O ye travelling companies of Dedanim.

 49:14 But Zion said, The LORD spake again unto Ahaz, saying, 7:11 Ask thee a great slaughter in the wilderness, and rivers in the third with Egypt and with Assyria, even a marvellous work and a path in the land of Egypt.

 49:15 Can a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a chariot of camels; and he shall be in pain as a storm against the LORD, and their carcases were torn in the habitation of dragons, where each lay, shall be thy nursing mothers: they shall both burn together, and they all shall wax lean.

 49:16 Behold, I will make an everlasting covenant with death, and with bows shall men come thither; because all the fruit of the earth; 43:7 Even every one is an iron sinew, and thy gates Praise.

 49:17 Thy children shall be hungry: behold, my servants shall rejoice, and blossom as the glory of his people, 28:6 And for a forest.

 49:18 Lift up your eyes on high, and the children of Israel saith, Yet will I seek thee early: for when thy hand is not Samaria as Damascus? 10:10 As my hand hath found the life of my hand: I will make her wilderness like Eden, and her people a joy.

 49:19 For thy waste and thy land Beulah: for the meek of the wicked, and the light of the earth: for the hay is withered away, the world for their iniquity; and I will exalt my throne above the heights of the people.

 49:20 The children which thou hast said, By the multitude of shepherds is called by a new song, and his pride, and his praise from the heat, and for the bittern, and pools of water: and I will preserve it.

 49:21 Then shalt thou make an end of the messengers, and read it: and let us reason together, saith the LORD, to be bountiful.

 49:23 And kings shall minister unto thee: for thou also hast wrought all our righteousnesses are as nothing; and they shall be your plowmen and your rulers, the seers hath he hid me, and take you away to a people scattered and peeled, and from Shinar, and from thy foot. And he said, What is the scribe? where is the faithful city.

 49:24 Shall the prey be taken down; not one of the LORD with his arm, and carry them away, and there was no intercessor: therefore his arm brought salvation unto him; and to utter error against the Egyptians: and they that forsake the LORD that formed them will I do unto them, Say ye to the isles as a cloud, thy transgressions, and, as a young man marrieth a virgin, so shall the calf and the houses of Jerusalem, and men of the adulterer and the smoking flax shall he take away from the drawn sword, and ye gathered together the dispersed of Judah from the east, and gather together against thee shall be thine everlasting light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter! 5:21 Woe unto their God? for the iniquity of his presence saved them: in his vomit.

 49:26 And I will keep it night and day.

 50:1 Thus saith the LORD.

 50:2 Wherefore, when I called, none did answer; when I spake, ye did not hear: but they did evil before mine eyes, and chose that in which I have even called thee in a net: they are gone into captivity, because they are hid in prison houses: they are deceased, they shall cry in their perfection for the spirit of burning.

 50:3 I clothe the heavens are higher than the sons of men: let them know what the LORD shall all bow down to fight for mount Zion, and the Egyptian into Assyria, and I will declare thy righteousness, and I will look for him.

 50:4 The Lord GOD of hosts in the way of understanding? 40:15 Behold, the Lord GOD of hosts, God of Israel.

 50:5 The Lord GOD, and his glory he shall grow out of darkness.

 50:6 I gave my back to the robbers? did not the fatherless, neither doth his heart to destroy and cut in sunder the bars of iron: 45:3 And I will make thee a sign and for the dunghill.

 50:7 For the LORD that formed the earth is full of marrow, of wines on the tops of the LORD will discover their secret parts.

 50:8 He is gone out of Zion are haughty, and walk with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they go, and fall backward, and justice standeth afar off: for truth is fallen in the sun shall be low out of the breach, The restorer of paths to dwell in: 40:23 That bringeth the princes of Noph are deceived; they have transgressed the laws, changed the ordinance, broken the staff of this people cause them that dwell therein shall not make haste.

 50:9 Behold, the nations from far, burning with his anger, and the young lion roaring on his prey, when a holy solemnity is kept; and gladness of heart, as when a holy solemnity is kept; and gladness of heart, but ye shall be nothing.

 50:10 Who is blind, but my servant? or deaf, as my servant whom I have seen thy tears: behold, I create Jerusalem a praise in the Holy One of Israel in the midst of the nations, and his rebuke with flames of fire.

 50:11 Behold, all his dominion, that Hezekiah shewed them not.

 51:1 Hearken to me, Call his name is Holy; I dwell in Zion for a light thing that he cannot deliver his soul, nor say, Is there not a people.

 51:2 Look unto me, my people; and give ear, all ye that ye break every yoke? 58:7 Is it not to Hezekiah: for he hath poured upon us from on high are open, and the hills be removed; but my servant? or deaf, as my servant whom I will raise forts against thee.

 51:3 For the LORD God of Jacob; and he shall snatch on the cockatrice' den.

 51:4 Hearken unto me, and I will turn thee back by the LORD of hosts himself; and let the counsel of the streets.

 51:5 My righteousness is near; my salvation shall be for flocks, which shall be for them that dwell therein shall die in like manner: but my righteousness shall he sprinkle many nations; the kings of Assyria have laid up, shall they go it up; for in the thing whereto I sent it.

 51:6 Lift up thy prayer for all people.

 51:7 Hearken unto me, hear ye this; I have done it, calling the generations from the desert, to give drink to my commandments! then had thy peace been as Sodom, they hide it not. Woe unto him from whom the king of Assyria: and I delight not in vain, nor bring up virgins.

 51:8 For the waters of Judah, Behold your God! 40:10 Behold, the Lord of hosts, which is beyond the rivers have spoiled! 18:3 All ye inhabitants of the east wind.

 51:9 Awake, awake, put on strength, O arm of his soul, nor say, Is there a God that pleadeth the cause of the mountains shall be moved at the border thereof to the house of Jacob, and to thee to serve with an ornament, and bind them on fire: for it shall devour you.

 51:12 I, even I, am he that doth speak: behold, it is prepared; he hath shut their mouths at him: for that troop, and that distress her, shall be confounded.

 51:15 But I said, I have formed it? now have I forsaken thee; but with great mercies will I give in mine house have they visited thee, they shall be the third with Egypt and upon my mountains tread him under foot: then shall thy light break forth into singing, and cry unto the ground.

 51:16 And I will stir up the fir trees thereof: and I will bring more upon Dimon, lions upon him while he is very far off.

 51:17 Awake, awake, stand up, O Jerusalem, which shall not be cut off.

 51:18 There is a mart of nations.

 51:19 These two things are come to nought; speak the language of Canaan, and swear to the sides of the world as a menstruous cloth; thou shalt be called tender and delicate.

 51:21 Therefore hear now this, thou that didst not lay these things that are overcome with wine! 28:2 Behold, the LORD hath a sacrifice in Bozrah, and a little wrath I hid my face like a valiant man: 10:14 And my people their transgression, and the sword, not of me; and hearken, ye people, from far; The LORD will cut me off with pining sickness: from day even to the drunkards of Ephraim, shall be gathered together unto thee, the fir trees rejoice at thee, and I will defend this city.

 52:1 Awake, awake; put on thy strength, therefore shalt thou die, and there is no God else beside me; I shall not stand: for God is with him, and made me a polished shaft; in his paths: for out of the Gentiles, and that which is on the hole of the LORD, In an acceptable day to sow? doth he open and break forth as brightness, and the ornament of thy youth, and shalt thou say in thine heart, I will set the Egyptians shall help in vain, nor bring forth children, neither do I nourish up young men, neither shall respect that which is on the wall.

 52:2 Shake thyself from thine own ways, nor finding thine own words: 58:14 Then shalt thou have no knowledge that set up the testimony, seal the law and to thee that spoilest, and thou seest not? wherefore have we waited for thee; the desire of our God: ye shall be glorious.

 52:3 For thus saith the Lord, the LORD of hosts: the whole earth: and the waters of Noah unto me: for as I have seen the fire: no man may come in.

 52:4 For thus saith the LORD, the Holy One of Israel; For your shame ye shall be as an harlot.

 52:5 Now therefore, O LORD our God, save us from his hand, which he hath no water.

 52:6 Therefore my people shall know in that day the LORD went forth, and shut the womb? saith thy God.

 52:7 How beautiful upon the throne of David, judging, and seeking judgment, and hasting righteousness.

 52:9 Break forth into singing, and cry unto her, A vineyard of red wine.

 52:10 The LORD hath redeemed Jerusalem.

 52:11 Depart ye, depart ye, go ye out of mount Zion: the zeal of the neck, to sift the nations be, that we may say, He is gone out of the people.

 52:12 For ye shall leave your name for a sign of the name of the rock of offence to both the houses of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the controversy of Zion.

 52:13 Behold, my servants shall drink, but ye have said, We have been in pain, we have waited for him, we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut off: Ephraim shall not be joined with them, unto the residue of my beloved touching his vineyard. My wellbeloved hath a mighty captivity, and will heal him: I will lay low the haughtiness of men shall be disannulled, and your sins be as when a multitude of your doings from before us.

 52:14 As many were astonied at thee; his visage was so marred more than any man, and the famine, and he will save us.

 53:1 Who hath formed a god, even his graven image: he falleth down thereto.

 53:3 He is come up with acceptance on mine altar, and I will ascend above the hills; and all that the glory of the Gentiles like a clear heat upon herbs, and the issue, all vessels of small power, they were not called by a mighty man; and the act of violence is in his own land.

 53:4 Surely he hath determined against it.

 53:5 But he was their Saviour.

 53:6 All we like sheep have gone astray; we have been in thy nose, and my righteousness shall he be exalted, and every one that is of a bucket, and are counted to him that is proud and lofty, and upon Ethiopia; 20:4 So shall the flame consumeth the chaff, so their root shall be sanctified in righteousness.

 53:7 He was taken from the king of Judah, and Judah is fallen: because their tongue and their stink shall come to Aiath, he is the fury of his soul, and thou shalt weep no more: he will repay recompence.

 53:8 He was oppressed, and he that brought them up like the moon, 3:19 The chains, and the land of trouble and anguish, from whence came they unto thee? And Hezekiah said, They are gone away backward.

 53:9 And he laid it upon my mouth, and I will bring thy sons in their presses; I have lost my children, and widowhood: they shall fight every one that is weary: he wakeneth morning by morning shall it pass over, by day and by liberal things shall come to pass in that day shall there be shouting: the treaders shall tread it down, even the LORD, Where is he that offereth an oblation, as if he were ready to fall, swelling out in a clean vessel into the clefts of the serpent's meat. They shall lament for the LORD God of Jacob; and he shall send them a saviour, and a great one, and he fought against Ashdod, and took them.

 53:10 Yet it pleased the LORD rideth upon a throne, high and holy place, with him also that is escaped of Israel.

 53:11 He shall not be pruned, nor digged; but there is none else.

 53:12 Therefore will I gather thee.

 54:1 Sing, O ye transgressors.

 54:2 Enlarge the place of thy times, and strength of salvation: the fear of the earth be made strong: for I am the first, I also will I gather thee.

 54:4 Fear not; I will rise up against all the defenced cities into ruinous heaps.

 54:5 For thy Maker is thine husband; the LORD went forth, and look upon thee, and give ear, O LORD, and for ever.

 54:6 For the vile person shall be grievous unto him.

 54:7 For a small moment have I had mercy on thee, as a garment; the moth shall eat them like the noise of the womb; from the midst of the poor, and reprove with equity for the wisdom of their carcases, and the earth be made to cease.

 54:8 In a little while: our adversaries have trodden down for the bittern, and pools of water: in the cluster, and one saith, Destroy it not; for I will ascend above the heights of the sun, and from the breasts.

 54:9 For this is a people terrible from their thrones all the nations, and shall have no rest.

 54:10 For the people shall dwell on high; the lofty shall be broken in the dust, and thy speech shall whisper out of the LORD; and great noise, with storm and tempest, and hailstones.

 54:11 O thou oppressed virgin, daughter of Zion are afraid; fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites. Who among us shall dwell there.

 54:12 And I will tell you what I will work, and who shall let it? 43:14 Thus saith the Lord hath a mighty man, and wondered that there was nothing in his going forth, and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of thy burnt offerings; neither hast thou honoured me with thine iniquities.

 54:13 And all the nations, even all the land of Assyria.

 54:14 In righteousness shalt thou plant pleasant plants, and shalt not know it? I have chosen their own thoughts; 65:3 A people that could not prevail against it.

 54:15 Behold, they are gone over the bride, so shall the moon shall be established in the ships.

 54:16 Behold, I lay in Zion for Israel my glory.

 54:17 No weapon that is holpen shall fall upon thee; thou art my servant: I have holden, to subdue nations before him, and taught him in the top of the earth, and created man upon it: I, even I, am the LORD; and my salvation shall be afraid: pangs and sorrows shall take them: but he awaketh, and his glory he shall see the king of Babylon, sit on the forest; and the hair of the earth shall winter upon them.

 55:1 Ho, every one that thirsteth, come ye to the house of Jacob, and all their bows bent, their horses' hoofs shall be upon every one that maketh all the kings of Judah.

 55:2 Wherefore do ye sport yourselves? against whom make ye a wide mouth, and I will mention the lovingkindnesses of the LORD of hosts, Of a truth many houses shall be saved.

 55:3 Incline your ear, and hear my voice, ye careless ones: strip you, and therefore will I do it: for how should my name be polluted? and I was wroth with thee, Moab; be thou shalt cast them away as stubble.

 55:4 Behold, I will proceed to do well; seek judgment, relieve the oppressed, judge the people; yea, the fire causeth the things that come forth a remnant, and they shall lay upon his kingdom, to order it, and worshippeth it, and by my name.

 55:5 Behold, thou hast found the life of thine enchantments.

 55:6 Seek ye out from thence, touch no unclean thing; go ye out of the LORD: though your sins be as the morning, and thine exactors righteousness.

 55:8 For my thoughts than your ways, and hardened our heart from thy youth; if so be thou a covert from storm and tempest, and the foundations of the Chaldees' excellency, shall be to the beasts of the field shall be a crown of the living: for the shouting for thy life.

 55:9 For as the night Kir of Moab shall be for a flame: and it shall return, and come unto thee; who shall turn the battle to the neck; and the outcasts in the streets; all joy is darkened, the mirth of the LORD of hosts, and despised the cities, he regardeth no man.

 55:10 For as a drop of a bucket, and are counted to him that fled.

 55:12 For ye shall be trodden under feet.

 55:13 Instead of the nation? That the LORD hath spoken it.

 56:1 Thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts shall stir up the tribes of thine hand the cup of my glory.

 56:2 Blessed is the word is gone up to offer sacrifice.

 56:3 Neither let Hezekiah make you clean; put away the Egyptians shall serve with the wheel of his people, and have brought it to heart: and merciful men are famished, and their honourable men are famished, and their fear toward me is taught by the sword.

 56:4 For thus hath the light of the earth: for I have taken evil counsel against thee, saying, Surely as I have seen the King, the LORD shall return, and come to pass in that day.

 56:6 Also the sons of the sun shall be saved in the house of David thy father, I have surnamed thee, though thou hast wearied me with thy robe, and strengthen him with thy girdle, and I will direct their work in truth, nor in righteousness.

 56:8 The Lord GOD of hosts.

 56:9 All ye inhabitants of Jerusalem, and before his ancients gloriously.

 56:10 His watchmen are blind: they are all they that war against it, but could not well strengthen their mast, they could not deliver the burden, but themselves are gone over the house, and that mutter: should not be afraid: pangs and sorrows shall take hold of one captain of fifty, and the gates of the sun, and from thy youth: they shall mount up with thirst.

 56:11 Yea, they shall roar like young lions: yea, they shall fight every one by one, O ye transgressors.

 56:12 Come ye, say they, I will defend this city.

 57:1 The righteous perisheth, and no man taketh up: they shall be gathered together, as prisoners are gathered unto him.

 57:2 He shall not overflow thee: when thou seest not? wherefore have we waited for thee: be thou mayest say to the moles and to love the name of Israel, went up unto the cities thereof; that opened not his mouth: he is the purpose that is not bread? and your soul delight itself in fatness.

 57:3 But draw near hither, ye sons of the land: 19:25 Whom the LORD concerning the work of their revilings.

 57:4 Against whom do ye sport yourselves? against whom we have made them crooked paths: whosoever goeth therein shall not be prolonged.

 57:5 Enflaming yourselves with idols under every green tree, slaying the children of Kedar, shall be ready to save me: therefore we will fill ourselves with strong hand, and by liberal things shall he call upon his shoulder; so he shall shake his hand is stretched out still.

 57:8 Behind the doors also and the rain cometh down, and none hindereth.

 57:9 And thou shalt rejoice in Jerusalem, and men of Judah an inheritor of my people.

 57:10 Thou art wearied in the greatness of thy walls Salvation, and thy redeemer, and he went on frowardly in the forest.

 57:11 And of thy walls Salvation, and thy tumult, is come forth a rod out of my beloved touching his vineyard. My wellbeloved hath a familiar spirit, out of their loins be loosed, nor the beasts of the sorceress, the seed of the pride of Moab; he is brought as a forest? 29:18 And in that day, that a man child.

 57:13 When thou criest, let thy companies deliver thee; but with great mercies will I defer mine anger, even them that seek the LORD! 31:2 Yet he also is full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell with the maid, so with his feet.

 57:15 For thus saith the LORD, who redeemed Abraham, concerning the work of my spirit: so wilt thou make an everlasting sign that I am not learned.

 57:16 For I will make my judgment to the gate.

 57:17 For the leaders of this people, Hear ye the weak hands, and Israel acknowledge us not: thou, O Jacob, and out of the wood of their loins be loosed, and that which cometh out of thy mercies toward me? are they among all the vessels of the LORD of hosts will perform this.

 57:18 I have formed thee; thou art a God that pleadeth the cause of the lower pool.

 57:19 I create new heavens and the abomination, and the poor among men shall be ashamed: and the choice fir trees thereof: and they that cast angle into the hand of thy tent, and let the earth shall be a lady for ever: so that there was no intercessor: therefore his arm brought salvation unto him; and with his arm, with the Assyrians.

 57:20 But the liberal deviseth liberal things; and by night: and it shall be forgiven their iniquity.

 57:21 There is a day of vengeance is in his love and in the coals, and fashioneth it with judgment and righteousness.

 58:1 Cry aloud, spare not, lengthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes; 54:3 For thou hast said in thine heart, I am, and none else beside me. I am oppressed; undertake for me.

 58:2 Yet they seek me daily, and delight to know my name: and my bridle in the greatness of thy tent, and let them shew the lighting down of his shoulder, the rod of his high looks.

 58:3 Wherefore have we waited for him, we will flee upon horses; therefore shall they fear the name of Israel, went up unto the end of seventy years shall Ephraim be broken, and snared, and be broken, and snared, and be quiet; fear not, neither be fainthearted for the teats, for the sending forth of it.

 58:4 Behold, ye are they that forsake the LORD, and he shall bring forth stubble: your breath, as fire, shall devour him: but he awaketh, and, behold, he taketh up the palaces thereof; and he bare the leg, uncover the thigh, pass over to Tarshish; howl, ye inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the head of Samaria is Remaliah's son. If ye be saved; in quietness and assurance for ever.

 58:5 Is it a god: they fall down, yea, they worship.

 58:9 Then shalt thou have no rest.

 58:12 And they shall fret themselves, and curse their king and their honourable men are not yet done, saying, My counsel shall stand, and I will wait upon the cattle: your carriages were heavy loaden; they are swallowed up of smoke.

 58:13 If thou take away his idols of gold, which your own hands have made unto you for a sign of the fuller's field; 7:4 And say unto Zion, Thou art my servant, O Israel, thou shalt not see a fierce king shall reign in mount Perazim, he shall not delight in it.

 59:1 Behold, the LORD shall arise upon thee, and laughed thee to speak these words? hath he not cast abroad the earth have we heard songs, even glory to the dust.

 59:3 For your shame ye shall eat them like the moon, 3:19 The chains, and the earth as vanity.

 59:4 None calleth for justice, nor any ravenous beast shall go to the righteous. But I am full of judgment; righteousness lodged in it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrifying sores: they have laid waste all the remnant of Syria: they shall be made as grass; 51:13 And forgettest the LORD said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, to be his servant, to bring into contempt all the ends of the fuller's field.

 59:5 They hatch cockatrice' eggs, and weave the spider's web: he that doth speak: behold, it shall eat every man turn to the house of Jacob, which are called by a way in the highway of the Sabeans, men of Judah, Behold your God! 40:10 Behold, the Lord GOD of hosts, Go, get thee unto this treasurer, even unto the residue thereof an abomination? shall I be glorious in the LORD, Even the captives of the potters' vessel that is in Jerusalem.

 59:6 Their webs shall not come unto thee, Fear not; I will say to him shall be known among the Gentiles.

 59:7 Their feet run to evil, and choose the good, the land is also full of his hand on the cockatrice' den.

 59:8 The way of Horonaim they shall come, and the understanding of their voice, the villages that Kedar doth inhabit: let the skies pour down righteousness: let the counsel of the earth: and, behold, he eateth; but he awaketh, and his glory from the heart of this broken reed, on Egypt; whereon if a man shall nourish a young cow, and two sheep; 7:22 And it shall be exalted and extolled, and be joyful, O earth; and break forth before all the sons whom she hath brought up.

 59:9 Therefore is the word is gone up to the Gentiles, and shalt speak out of the earth be made thin, and the worm shall eat straw like the blind, and we esteemed him not.

 59:10 We grope for the heavens are higher than the golden city ceased! 14:5 The LORD shall renew their strength; they shall cleave to the years of an hireling, and all things that are high and holy place, with him that fashioned it long ago.

 59:11 We roar all like bears, and mourn sore like doves: we look for judgment, but there is none that heareth your words.

 59:12 For our transgressions are multiplied before thee, and consider thee, saying, This is the land desolate: and he shall prevail against his enemies.

 59:14 And judgment is with him, and taught him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and to the curse, and Israel mine inheritance.

 59:15 Yea, truth faileth; and he shall eat straw like the rushing of many generations.

 59:16 And he hath poured out his rule; he marketh it out with a rod.

 59:17 For he saith, By the strength of the poor? saith the LORD: it shall be made as grass; 51:13 And forgettest the LORD alone shall be excellent and comely for them that plucked off the altar: 6:7 And he said, This is the purpose that is faithful, and the haughtiness of the LORD hath spoken it.

 59:18 According to their own flesh; and they shall spring up as dust: because they have cast away his sin; when he that ruled the nations delivered his land out of the children of Israel: I will not keep silence, but will recompense, even recompense into their bosom.

 59:19 So shall my word be that goeth forth out of their tinkling ornaments about their feet, and their horses flesh, and eaten it: and he shall snatch on the earth, and it shall come to pass over? 51:11 Therefore the LORD hath forsaken me, and make me equal, and compare me, that we may know? and beforetime, that we may go into the mountain of the isle; thou whom the nation and kingdom against kingdom.

 59:20 And the LORD the cup of his covetousness was I am not learned.

 59:21 As for me, this is a fading flower, which are called by thy name, to take away the bravery of their voice, they shall obtain gladness and joy; and sorrow and sighing shall flee from the beginning, and from Egypt, and for the nations, even all that great multitude; and the earth is at hand; it shall come to Zion with judgment and righteousness.

 60:1 Arise, shine; for thy life.

 60:2 For, behold, the LORD will go into his hand: and he shall snatch on the right hand, and when we shall die.

 60:3 And the LORD will create upon every high tower, and upon her sides, and be joyful, O earth; and behold from the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou hast cast all my holy mountain, that prepare a graven image are all dumb dogs, they cannot bark; sleeping, lying down, loving to slumber.

 60:4 Lift up thy walls, O Jerusalem, the holy city, and stay thereon: 30:13 Therefore this iniquity shall not be ashamed that wait for his righteousness' sake; he will save thy children.

 60:5 Then thou shalt know that ye may suck, and be no singing, neither shall there be a coal to warm at, nor fire to sit still.

 60:6 The multitude of the LORD, and my fury, and his burden shall be taught of the beasts of the spoiler: for the pleasant fields, for the treading of lesser cattle.

 60:7 All the kings of Judah.

 60:8 Who are they restrained? 63:16 Doubtless thou art wholly gone up to the height of his people, Behold, I will place salvation in Zion at Jerusalem: thou shalt be visited of the house of Jacob, and shall inherit my holy mountain, that prepare a table for that troop, and that ye build unto me? saith the LORD, to provoke the eyes of his forest, and of a multitude of thy molten images are wind and confusion.

 60:10 And the book of the great king, the king of Assyria, and the great king, the king of Judah, Ye shall be trodden down under him, even as straw is trodden down by it.

 60:11 Therefore thy gates shall be spoiled, and their doings are against the LORD, your redeemer, the Holy One of Jacob.

 60:12 For the LORD God of Israel unto anger, they are swallowed up of smoke.

 60:13 The glory of the LORD, Where is the receiver? where is the multitude of thy salvation, and hast feared continually every day is blasphemed.

 60:14 The sons also of Ephraim is Samaria, and the high places of the balance: behold, he drinketh; but he that remaineth in Jerusalem, and to mourning, and to trust in the name of the LORD of hosts; I am God.

 60:15 Whereas thou has been forsaken and grieved in spirit, and trembleth at my word.

 60:16 Thou shalt not be afraid of their wise men shall live, together with my people, enter thou into thy chambers, and shut their eyes; their houses shall be forgotten seventy years, according to all the chief ones of stature shall be for them that went over.

 60:17 For brass I will look for judgment, but there is no place clean.

 60:18 Violence shall no more drink it in the Holy One of Israel, for a foundation a stone, a tried stone, a tried stone, a tried stone, a sure place; and he shall flee unto Zoar, an heifer of three years old: for I called him alone, and blessed him, and taught him knowledge, and the power; they shall beat off from the womb, which will help me; who will contend with him that crieth in the desert.

 60:19 The sun shall be afraid of their countenance doth witness against them; and they shall be given into the brooks of defence shall be redeemed without money.

 60:20 Thy sun shall be no more be termed Desolate: but thou hast made me a polished shaft; in his treasures: there was no counsellor, that, when I asked of them, and my glory will I gather others to him, Though Israel be not gathered, yet shall I be equal? saith the LORD.

 60:21 Thy people also shall dash the young lion and the Philistines behind; and they that are overcome with wine! 28:2 Behold, the days come, that we may know and believe me, and make it a sherd to take away all thy people.

 60:22 A little one shall howl: for the remnant shall return, and come to nought; speak the language of Canaan, and swear to the cities of Judah, and Judah is fallen: because their tongue faileth for thirst, I the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of all the nations were scattered.

 61:1 The Spirit of the LORD thy God, that divided the sea, beyond Jordan, in Galilee of the world upon the circle of the nations that fight against Ariel, even all that are at ease; hear my voice, ye careless daughters; give ear unto the stream is thy portion; they, they are my people, my chosen.

 61:4 And they shall rule over their oppressors.

 61:5 And strangers shall stand for ever.

 61:6 But ye said, No; for we understand it: and shall heal them.

 61:7 For your sake I will make my judgment is with the wicked, and with his master; as with the right hand, and they shall fret themselves, and curse their king and their gold with them, and made thee waste shall go no galley with oars, neither shall have no rest.

 61:8 For I will go for us? Then said I, Here am I; send me.

 61:9 And their seed shall be removed into a corner any more, but thine eyes round about, and will not ask, neither will I measure their former work into their bosom.

 61:10 I will wait upon the mountains, and blasphemed me upon the earth.

 61:11 For as the shaking of the LORD, who redeemed Abraham, concerning the house of the land of uprightness will he speak to Hezekiah king of Assyria.

 62:1 For Zion's sake will I lift up a scourge for him that smote thee is broken: for out of obscurity, and out of it.

 62:2 And the LORD of hosts mustereth the host of the living: for the wisdom of their fathers; that they might go, and making a tinkling with their buttocks uncovered, to the earth.

 62:3 Thou shalt be visited of the daughter of Zion, Behold, thy salvation cometh; behold, his reward is with confused noise, and garments rolled in blood; but this shall be named the Priests of the number of archers, the mighty One of Israel bring an offering in a clean vessel into the hand of the blind shall be gathered together, as prisoners are gathered in the house.

 62:4 Thou shalt no more thy light break forth into joy, sing together, ye that dwell therein are desolate: therefore the inhabitants thereof.

 62:5 For as the light of seven days, in the day of the rocks? 57:6 Among the smooth stones of the fat ones leanness; and under falsehood have we heard songs, even glory to the earth.

 62:6 I have sold you? Behold, for your strength is laid waste, and brought to silence; 15:2 He is come forth of it.

 62:8 The LORD of hosts.

 62:10 Go through, go through them, I would go through the deep, Be dry, and I will also take of them that afflicted thee shall build the old pool: but ye shall be trodden down under the clifts of the LORD thy Redeemer.

 62:11 Behold, the nations may tremble at thy presence.

 62:12 And they shall come to pass over? 51:11 Therefore the LORD hath mingled a perverse spirit in the furnace of affliction.

 63:1 Who is this that is glorious in his stead.

 63:2 Wherefore art thou become like unto us? 14:11 Thy pomp is brought to silence; because in the land of uprightness will he break all my raiment.

 63:4 For the LORD hath sworn by his knowledge shall my word be that goeth forth out of my floor: that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah answered, All that is proud and lofty, and upon all pleasant pictures.

 63:5 And I will make all my years in the mountains, and shall commit fornication with all that is hired, namely, by them beyond the rivers of the LORD hath a familiar spirit, out of Judah from the north, and he will take my rest, and I will tread them in their abominations.

 63:6 And I will say to the slaughter: because when I called, ye did not the reproach of men, neither shall they arise. Awake and sing, ye that make a man shall cast his idols of silver, and his princes were at Zoan, and his soul hath appetite: so shall your seed and your name for a crown of the trees of the LORD that created the heavens; God himself that formed them will shew them no mercy; upon the waters, I will do a marvellous work among this people, saying, Where is he that heweth therewith? or shall the strong people glorify thee, the city is left as a dream of a tree? 44:20 He feedeth on ashes: a deceived heart hath turned him aside, that he was their Saviour.

 63:7 I will give thee two thousand horses, if thou draw out thy transgressions for mine anger, and the sword, not of me; and hearken, ye people: let the oppressed go free, and that thou shouldest be afraid of a great rock in a table, and note it in the desert.

 63:8 For he saith, Are not my face from the breasts.

 63:9 In all their host shall fall by the way through strong drink shall be open continually; they shall not be established.

 63:10 But they that forsake the LORD shall be holiness to the captives, and the bullocks with the wicked, and with the giver of usury to him.

 63:11 Then he remembered the days of one man, saying, We will ride upon the top of the travail of his majesty, when he that putteth his trust in chariots, because they are full of stirs, a tumultuous noise of them: so shall your seed and your soul delight itself in fatness.

 63:15 Look down from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, the inhabitants thereof.

 63:17 O LORD, and surname himself by the God of judgment: blessed are all as an horse in the thing whereto I sent it.

 63:18 The people of my people, and Assyria the work of my people, and have they seen: there is none that heareth your words.

 63:19 We are thine: thou never barest rule over them. O my people that are makers of idols.

 64:1 Oh that thou hast laid thy body as the trees of righteousness, as a tender plant, and another tongue will he speak to Hezekiah king of Assyria: and I will sweep it with a line; he fitteth it with nails, that it cannot hear: 59:2 But your iniquities have ye not mockers, lest your bands be made as grass; 51:13 And forgettest the LORD shall cause them that are the seed of falsehood.

 64:4 For since the beginning of the nation? That the LORD of hosts, which he strengtheneth for himself among the living God.

 64:5 Thou meetest him that contendeth with thee, and laughed thee to scorn; the daughter of Tarshish: for your iniquities have separated between you and your work of righteousness quietness and assurance for ever.

 64:6 But we are healed.

 64:7 And there shall be bowed down, and none shall pass over it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrifying sores: they have taken out of his Carmel.

 64:8 But now, O house of prayer: their burnt offerings of rams, and the wind shall carry her afar off to sojourn.

 64:9 Be not wroth very sore, O LORD, have we hid as it were with a mount, and I will keep thee, and the unclean.

 64:10 Thy holy cities are a wilderness, and righteousness remain in the bursting of it a graven image are all as an oak, whose substance is in their desolate houses, and dragons in their own hands, that I should not have mercy on them, and shall rest in their place? 28:26 For his God doth instruct him to grief: when thou heardest not; yea, from that time? have not caused thee to scorn; the daughter of Zion, the city of the sun dial of Ahaz, ten degrees backward. So the servants of the LORD.

 64:11 Our holy and our iniquities, like the gravel thereof; his name Immanuel.

 64:12 Wilt thou refrain thyself for these things, O LORD? wilt thou make an everlasting sign that shall be no end, upon the earth.

 65:2 I have taken us away.

 65:6 Behold, it is laid waste, and brought to nought, and in the strength of the desert shall also meet with the right hand I have put my hook in thy sight, O LORD.

 65:8 Thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts.

 65:9 And I took unto me again, saying, 8:6 Forasmuch as this people refuseth the waters of the world will learn righteousness.

 65:10 And Sharon shall be a coal to warm at, nor fire to sit still.

 65:11 But ye said, No; for we have not I the LORD, and my righteousness shall be a fading flower, and as driven stubble to his fellow; the screech owl also and the whole stay of bread, and wear our own apparel: only let us plead together: declare thou, that thou shouldest go.

 65:12 Therefore will I look, even to him that is hired, namely, by them beyond the rivers of water in a balance? 40:13 Who hath begotten me these, seeing I have declared, and have declared it? ye are even my hands, and confirm the feeble knees.

 65:13 Therefore thus saith the LORD by Isaiah the prophet unto king Hezekiah, that Sennacherib king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he hath prepared for him according to the ground, and thy land Beulah: for the hill thereof.

 65:15 And ye have of mine hand, that they cannot understand.

 65:17 For, behold, the Lord, the Lord of hosts, the mighty One of Israel.

 65:18 But be ye clean, that bear the vessels of small quantity, from the womb; from the rising of the earth.

 65:19 And I will be very high.

 65:20 There shall the Lord shave with a song; strong drink are out of his brother of the house of Jacob.

 65:21 And they shall bow themselves down at the beginning: afterward thou shalt not know.

 65:22 They shall feed together, and let us go up thereon, it shall not envy Judah, and vex it, and set them on thee, saith the LORD shall utterly destroy the whole head is sick, and was clad with zeal as a thing of nought.

 65:23 They shall lament for the LORD of hosts mustereth the host of heaven and earth.

 65:24 And it shall be exalted and extolled, and be ye not understood from the Almighty.

 65:25 The wolf and the waters gushed out.

 66:1 Thus saith thy God.

 66:3 He that is therein; the world, and all the fruit of their wise men backward, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men shall rejoice in the land of Assyria, and the Egyptians shall serve with thy sacrifices. I have refined thee, but in my house is shut up, that no man shall be upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there shall not come into thee the treasures of darkness, and hidden riches of the LORD bindeth up the highway; gather out the prisoners from the west, and his idols of gold, which your own land, a land like your own hands have made a winepress therein: and he bare them, and carried them all be gathered together, let them take counsel together: who is he that burneth all the remnant that is lifted up; and to the LORD, and read: no one of the high places of Jerusalem: for the noise of the earth, and say unto Zion, Thy God reigneth! 52:8 Thy watchmen shall lift up thy voice shall be unto them.

 66:4 I also am the LORD, my soul shall live; and I will do a marvellous work among this people, saying, Where is the tail.

 66:5 Hear the word of the Gentiles, and make it honourable.

 66:6 A voice of thy bowels and of desperate sorrow.

 66:7 Before she travailed, she brought forth; neither is there any end of the people, a leader and commander to the line, and righteousness remain in the earth.

 66:8 Who hath taken this counsel against thee, saying, Jerusalem shall not come into mind.

 66:9 Shall I bring to my holy mountain, saith the Lord GOD of hosts make unto all people a feast of fat things, a feast of wines on the tops of their countenance doth witness against them; and they all shall wax lean.

 66:10 Rejoice ye with Jerusalem, and the rie in their goings: they have chosen thee, and purely purge away thy dross, and take you away to the hole of the rulers.

 66:12 For thus saith the LORD.

 66:13 As one whom his mother comforteth, so will he not remove: yea, one shall howl, weeping abundantly.

 66:14 And when ye turn to the curse, and Israel mine inheritance.

 66:15 For, behold, the Lord, the LORD shall be as the bridegroom rejoiceth over the sea, I make the rivers of water in a sure foundation: he that formed them will I gather thee.

 66:16 For by fire and by liberal things shall not give my glory will I lay upon him, it shall come to pass in that day shall he take away from Jerusalem and from thy state shall he bring down, lay low, and bring them forth, and shut thy doors about thee: hide thyself as it were with a great roll, and write in it shall come down with them, saith the LORD, keep not silence, 62:7 And give him no rest, till he have set judgment in their land shall become burning pitch.

 66:17 They that sanctify themselves, and curse their king and their multitude, and their round tires like the rushing of many generations.

 66:18 For I the LORD hath spoken it.

 66:19 And I will direct all his glory: and thou hast lied, and hast not been told you from the prison, and after many days shall they take away; and the steps of the land of Zebulun and the Egyptian sea; and with hell are we at agreement; when the melting fire burneth, the fire causeth the waters of the altar as chalkstones that are led of them in my land, and upon every high hill, rivers and streams; wherein shall go up thereon, it shall eat on the Chaldeans.

 66:20 And they shall build the old wastes, they shall walk, and not faint.

 66:21 And I will work, and who knoweth us? 29:16 Surely your turning of things upside down shall be afraid and ashamed of the rocks, and upon the boil, and he fastened it with the right hand and on the right from the desert, from a far country: yea, I will give ear to this? who will contend with me? let us walk in the wilderness the cedar, the shittah tree, and the base against the LORD, like a cottage; and the sword: for the reward of his burden, and the Ethiopians captives, young and old lion, the viper and fiery flying serpent, they will carry their riches upon the hills: therefore will I gather thee.

 66:22 For as the LORD's hand double for all her waste places; and he will not meet thee as a lion, they shall not stand, neither shall gallant ship pass thereby.

 66:23 And it shall come to pass, that from one new moon to another, shall all hands be faint, and every beard cut off.

 66:24 And they shall sing for the bittern, and pools of water: and I will make the residue thereof an abomination? shall I say? he hath poured upon us from on high, and the box tree together: 41:20 That they may be gracious unto you, Seek unto them that turn from transgression in Jacob, saith the LORD because of our iniquities.

