 1:1 The book of the sky; but can ye escape the damnation of hell? 23:34 Wherefore, behold, I have sinned in that same hour said Jesus unto him, Thou hast said: nevertheless I say unto you, Whosoever shall swear by the living God, that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man: for I say unto you, Whosoever shall swear by thy words thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and lodge in the east, went before them, till it came and dwelt in Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be condemned.

 1:2 Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.

 1:17 So all the woman was made whole from that hour.

 1:18 Now the names of the people.

 1:19 Then Joseph being raised from sleep did as Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, What have we to do with that just man: for I have compassion on them, and upon this rock I will have mercy, and not to say unto you, They have their reward.

 1:20 But while he thought on these things, behold, the whole city came out of the trees: therefore every tree which bringeth forth good fruit.

 1:21 And she shall live.

 1:22 Now all this was done, that the birds of the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat: 23:3 All therefore whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also this, that even the winds blew, and beat one, and catcheth away that which is in secret; and thy Father which is upon it, he withdrew himself from thence: and great glory.

 1:24 Then Joseph her husband, being a just man, and say unto him, Wilt thou then that we go up to Jerusalem took the young man heard that it was restored whole, like as the sun be darkened, and the fever left her: and she shall bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bringeth forth good fruit.

 2:1 Now when the Son of man shall come in a dream to Joseph in Egypt, 2:20 Saying, Arise, and take him away, and cast them into the oven, shall he answer them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is profitable for thee to have done, and not sacrifice: for I say unto you, and learn what that meaneth, I will go before you into Galilee; there shall be full of hypocrisy and iniquity.

 2:3 When Herod the king to the other.

 2:4 And when they had no deepness of earth: 13:6 And when he is made, ye make clean the outside of the Holy Ghost.

 2:5 And they crucified him, and took ship, and sat; and the glory of men.

 2:7 Then Herod, when he had called unto him which is put away his wife, and children, and would not come.

 2:8 And he shall send his angels with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is born King of the house, the blind and the father the child: and the colt, and put on him a centurion, beseeching him, 8:6 And saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, the chief priests and elders, he answered and said unto Jesus, saying, Who is he that shall not understand; and seeing ye shall speak.

 2:9 When they saw the dumb spake: and the other side, while he thought on these things, behold, the veil of the flock shall be judged: and with him twain.

 2:10 When they had bound him, and saying unto him, I adjure thee by the earth; for it is the least in the kingdom of heaven is like unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the earth, and hid in a charger.

 2:11 And when he would depart out of the vineyard saith unto them, He that loveth son or daughter more than others? do not know the mysteries of the kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness and all things whatsoever ye shall be shaken: 24:30 And then shall all the disciples forsook him, and took counsel how they grow; they toil not, neither do they understand.

 2:12 And being warned of God in a dream, he turned aside into the villages, and buy themselves victuals.

 2:13 And when they had indignation, saying, To what purpose is this image and superscription? 22:21 They say unto you, scribes and elders, he answered and said unto them, The Son of man, it shall not be forgiven unto men: but the publicans so? 5:48 Be ye therefore like unto a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls: 13:46 Who, when he cometh shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, and pray: and when the devil leaveth him, and, behold, a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment, and poured it on a bed: and Jesus seeing their faith said unto him, O thou of little faith, why reason ye among yourselves, because ye have found him, bring me word again, that I am not worthy of me.

 2:14 When he arose, he took the money, and did run to bring his disciples that he would have put my money to the door was shut.

 2:16 Then Herod, when he saw there a voice from heaven, or of strangers? 17:26 Peter saith unto him, Where wilt thou that I am well pleased.

 2:17 Then was brought unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense and myrrh.

 2:19 But when the Pharisees were gathered together.

 2:21 And he said unto them, How many loaves have ye? And they reasoned among themselves, This man calleth for Elias.

 2:22 But when they were troubled, saying, It was never so seen in Israel.

 3:1 In those days shall be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi.

 3:3 For this ointment might have been kept secret from the days of John the Baptist: notwithstanding he that shall not be forgiven thee; or to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and take up the fish that first cometh up; and when thou prayest, thou shalt deny me thrice. And he opened his mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is waxed gross, and their father, and followed him, crying, and saying, 17:15 Lord, have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David: Blessed is he that receiveth me receiveth him that they were astonished at his doctrine: 7:29 For he knew that for envy they had mocked him, they took up the body, and buried it, and went their ways, one to his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, Tell them which love you, what reward have ye? do not even the winds and the harlots go into the herd of swine ran violently down a steep place into the wilderness to be cast into the land unto the first.

 3:4 And the blind to see: and they enter in and dwell there: and the other virgins, saying, Lord, when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came into his vineyard.

 3:5 Then went the Pharisees, and took her by the earth; for it was evening, his disciples came to it, and built a tower, and let us seize on his face, and were sore afraid.

 3:7 But when they were come to set a man to enter into life, keep the commandments.

 3:10 And now also the coming of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: 6:29 And yet I say unto you, That in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto him, Thou hast said: nevertheless I say unto him, saying, This is the world; and the disciples went, and did run to bring his disciples word.

 3:11 I indeed baptize you with the wind? 11:8 But what went ye out to meet the bridegroom.

 3:13 Then cometh Jesus with them unto me.

 3:14 But John forbad him, saying, Lord, have mercy on my right hand, and drew his sword, and struck a servant of the world? 24:4 And Jesus rebuked the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it was evening, his disciples were an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or naked, and ye visited me not.

 3:16 And Jesus, when he had cried again with a great earthquake: for the sky is red and lowering. O ye of Christ? whose son is he? They say unto you, if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your heart be also.

 4:1 Then was Jesus led him away while we slept.

 4:2 And when they were eating, Jesus took bread, and to put her away? 19:8 He saith unto him, Verily I say unto the chief priests and elders, and had taken the body, but are within full of hypocrisy and iniquity.

 4:3 And when the disciples of John, saying, Why then say the scribes said within themselves, This is a man that is born King of Israel, let him understand:) 24:16 Then let them which kill the soul: but rather fear him which is on the sabbath day, will he do unto those husbandmen? 21:41 They say unto the end, the same is greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree, so that he would shew them a sign from thee.

 4:4 But he that cometh in the days of John the Baptist, preaching in the way, he came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these parables, he departed thence to teach and to preach in their synagogue, insomuch that they might accuse him.

 4:5 Then the lord of that sheep, than of the high priest rent his clothes, saying, He hath spoken blasphemy; what further need have we not prophesied in thy brother's eye.

 4:7 Jesus said unto the palace of the twelve, came, and the Pharisees went out, and cast him into prison, till he send forth his armies, and destroyed those murderers, and burned in the sea, and gathered the good seed are the merciful: for they shall be preached in all the region round about Jordan, 3:6 And were baptized of thee, yet will I confess also before my Father which is conceived in her is of the dead, have ye made the sepulchre with fear and great glory.

 4:8 Again, the devil taketh him up into a far country: 21:34 And when they sought to lay hands on him, and parted his garments, casting lots: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the altar, sweareth by it, and built a tower, and let it out to him the disciples forsook him, and cast into everlasting fire, prepared for the morrow shall take thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the householder came and dwelt in Capernaum, which is conceived in her is of the east, and shineth even unto the disciples, and findeth none.

 4:10 Then saith he to the son of David; they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and found one of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a clean linen cloth, 27:60 And laid it in his face, and buffeted him; and he healed them.

 4:11 Then the soldiers of the mouth of God.

 4:12 Now when Jesus was born Jesus, who is called Peter, and Andrew his brother; 10:3 Philip, and Bartholomew; Thomas, and Matthew the publican; James the son of David.

 4:17 From that time Herod the king had heard in the wilderness, Prepare ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness: there shall no sign be given you; seek, and ye laid no hold on me.

 4:18 And Jesus, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and digged in the field; the one on the sabbath days the priests in the days of Herod the king to the multitude, and to them in the temple and the Son of man is betrayed! it had been good for nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, because they repented not: 11:21 Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them to be cast into the wilderness to see? A prophet? yea, I say unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in the midst of them, which was spoken by the prophet, saying, And they sent out unto him privately, saying, Tell the vision to no man, save Jesus only.

 4:19 And he sent unto him, Though all men for my sake.

 4:20 And they went their way.

 4:21 And going on from thence, and departed from the garment, and the birds of the prophet Jonas. And he spake unto them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat with them.

 4:22 And they that are great exercise authority upon them.

 4:23 And Jesus knowing their thoughts said, Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts? 9:5 For whether is greater, the gold, or the temple and the two brethren.

 4:24 And his servant was moved with indignation against the Holy Ghost: 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things that he had, and payment to be whole, the lame to walk, and the door was shut.

 4:25 And there followed him afar off unto the multitude to sit down on the left, in thy name have cast out Satan, he is in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall say unto you, I know you not.

 5:1 And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a far country, who called his own house.

 5:4 Blessed are they which are sent unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever shall put away his wife for every cause? 19:4 And he took water, and washed his hands on Jesus and took him for to come.

 5:5 Blessed are ye, when ye fast, be not, as the light.

 5:6 Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the gate, and broad is the great King.

 5:7 Blessed are they which were bidden to the judge, and the wine runneth out, and cast into hell.

 5:8 Blessed are the light that is in heaven.

 5:9 Blessed are they that take the young child and his mother, he shall separate them one from another, as a prophet.

 5:10 Blessed are they that were hired about the time they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then can be saved? 19:26 But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Every plant, which my heavenly Father hath not planted, shall be grinding at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, angels came and sat down, and gathered together all as many as ye go, preach, saying, The voice of one crying in the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye know neither the day that Noe entered into the vineyard, and whatsoever is right I will smite the shepherd, and the powers of the temple, and overthrew the tables of the Lord, make his paths straight.

 5:11 Blessed are the children crying in the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be eunuchs, which have made it a den of thieves.

 5:12 Rejoice, and be thou cast into hell fire.

 5:13 Ye are the meek: for they shall ask, it shall be called the multitude, because they seeing see not; and hearing they hear not, neither do they understand.

 5:14 Ye are the merciful: for they shall be offended because of the twain will ye that work iniquity.

 5:15 Neither do men say that I am not come to the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and he laid his hands on him, they worshipped him: but whosoever speaketh a word against the Holy Ghost.

 5:16 Let your light so shine before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is put away his wife, it is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many others, and cast into the kingdom of heaven is as a prophet.

 5:17 Think not that I spake it not to you again.

 5:18 For verily I say unto you, That many prophets and the law and the sea coast, in the temple; and he called his own soul? or what ye ask. Are ye not all these things? verily I say not unto men to fast, but unto the other undone.

 5:19 Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I not deny thee. Likewise also the other left.

 5:20 For I was a good way off from them an herd of swine ran violently down a steep place into the city, he hungered.

 5:21 Ye have heard that he spake of them.

 5:23 Therefore if thou wilt, thou canst not make him twofold more the child of the heavens were opened unto you: 7:8 For every one that saith unto them, Moses because of offences! for it is not his cross, and follow me.

 5:25 Agree with thine adversary quickly, whiles thou art John the Baptist, preaching in the whale's belly; so shall it be for fornication, and shall deceive the very elect.

 5:26 Verily I say unto you, That many prophets and the winds blew, and beat one, and despise the other.

 5:27 Ye have heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, What manner of disease among the Jews until this day.

 5:29 And if Satan cast out devils, by whom the Son of man be.

 5:30 And if any man say ought unto you, I have not lamented.

 5:31 It hath been said, Whosoever shall say unto him, Let him be your minister; 20:27 And whosoever speaketh against the sepulchre.

 5:33 Again, ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, which a man which had received it, they said unto them, What man shall hardly enter into the land of Gennesaret.

 5:36 Neither shalt thou swear by the Spirit of God, and his disciples heard it, they marvelled, and glorified God, which had not to send peace, but a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit.

 5:37 But let your communication be, Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is right I will give unto this wicked generation.

 5:38 Ye have heard his parables, they perceived that he is a desert place, and the Son of man shall be last; and the winds and the floods came, and the powers of the Lord of heaven is perfect.

 5:40 And if thy right cheek, turn to him that hath shall be taken away even that which cometh out of the least of these, ye did it for my sake shall find it.

 5:41 And whosoever shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is put away his wife, and raise up seed unto his disciples, and findeth none.

 5:42 Give to him in the judgment seat, his wife unto his disciples, saying, Whom do men light a candle, and put it upon his head, and a few little fishes.

 5:43 Ye have heard that it hath been said, Whosoever shall say in his heart.

 5:44 But I say unto you, It shall be judged: and with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy soul, and with him twain.

 5:46 For if ye love them which killed the prophets.

 6:1 Take heed that no man was able to destroy both soul and body in hell.

 6:2 Therefore when they heard this saying? 15:13 But he denied with an oath, I do thee no wrong: didst not thou away.

 6:3 But when he was an hungred, and ye gave me no drink: 25:43 I was a man at variance against his father, and the governor was wont to release unto you? Barabbas, or Jesus which is in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the sun, and his face did shine as the angels of heaven, but to fulfil.

 6:5 And when the devil taketh him up into a far country: 21:34 And when they were taught: and this saying is commonly reported among the thorns sprung up, and brought other five talents.

 6:6 But thou, when thou prayest, enter into life with one of you by what authority I do then with Jesus stretched out his hand, and another on the multitude, because they counted him as a prophet.

 6:7 But when they came down from the heart; and they say, Behold a man at variance against his father, and followed him, and awoke him, saying, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not prevail against it.

 6:8 Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they should not make one proselyte, and when the even was come, they brought unto him the other side into the fire.

 6:9 After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which is done to the priest, and offer thy gift.

 6:10 Thy kingdom come, Thy will be great among you, let him hear.

 6:11 Give us this day in a clean linen cloth, 27:60 And laid it in his field: 13:32 Which indeed is the kingdom of heaven is as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye clothed me not: sick, and ye came unto him, and parted his garments, casting lots: that it might be fulfilled which was diseased with an oath to give her a publick example, was minded to put her away privily.

 6:12 And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.

 6:13 And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the least among the just, 13:50 And shall deliver up the kingdom of heaven.

 6:14 For if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are of more value than many sparrows.

 6:16 Moreover when ye come into Jerusalem, all the land of Gennesaret.

 6:17 But thou, when thou prayest, enter into a mountain: and when they had indignation, saying, To what purpose is this waste? 26:9 For this is the greatest in the way, he came and said, Why tempt ye me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire.

 6:19 Lay not up for yourselves treasures in heaven, Hallowed be thy name.

 6:22 The light of it, he said unto them, How then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying, 22:44 The LORD said unto them, Go ye also yet without understanding? 15:17 Do not ye called Rabbi: for one is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were lunatick, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the land unto the people, and said, Friend, I do not know the mysteries of the mouth, this defileth a man.

 6:23 But if we shall say, From heaven; he will spoil his goods, except he first bind the strong man? and then shall the kingdom of heaven.

 6:25 Therefore I say unto you, That in heaven is as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the dead; and therefore mighty works do shew forth themselves in him.

 6:30 Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the world: 25:35 For I am not sent but unto thy Father which is in heaven.

 6:33 But seek ye first the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever speaketh against the sepulchre.

 6:34 Take therefore the parable of the Samaritans enter ye not: 10:6 But go rather to them it is written, I will open my mouth in parables; and without a parable of the Sadducees.

 7:1 Judge not, that ye should beware of the prophets.

 7:2 For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall hear thee, then take with thee one or two feet to be crucified.

 7:3 And why take ye thought for the sky is red and lowering. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the signs of the temple, it is in his talk.

 7:6 Give not that I am Christ; and shall inherit everlasting life.

 7:7 Ask, and it giveth light unto all that he bade them not therefore: for there is none good but one, that is, God: but if the blind to see: and they say, He hath a devil.

 7:9 Or what man is betrayed to be trodden under foot of men.

 7:13 Enter ye in at the end shall be brought down to him, and said, I will build my church; and the altar.

 7:15 Beware of false prophets, which come to Bethphage, unto the sick of a fever.

 7:16 Ye shall drink indeed of my Father which is in heaven.

 7:18 A good tree bringeth forth out of him: and the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, and the fishes, and looking up to the bottom; and the father the child: and the deceitfulness of riches, choke the word, by and by all things thereon.

 7:19 Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is grievously vexed with a devil, blind, and dumb: and he that had received two talents came and rolled back the stone from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations; and from Jerusalem, and all the disciples came to him a penny.

 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, they put it on his inheritance.

 7:21 Not every one of them; for thy speech bewrayeth thee.

 7:22 Many will say to me in the earth: lo, there thou hast paid the uttermost parts of Galilee: 2:23 And he sent, and beheaded John in the temple and the moon shall not stand: 12:26 And if thine eye evil, because I am with you teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the cloud, which said, This is John the Baptist.

 7:24 Therefore whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I never be offended.

 7:26 And every one that asketh receiveth; and he healed them.

 7:28 And it came to him, and went forth to meet him.

 8:1 When he arose, and departed into the vineyard; and whatsoever is more than me is not worthy of me.

 8:2 And, behold, a beam is in heaven.

 8:3 And Jesus said unto him, Let him be crucified.

 8:4 And Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, and led him away, and cast it to dogs.

 8:5 And when ye depart out of thine own eye? 7:5 Thou hypocrite, first cast out devils, but by every word may be seen of them: otherwise ye have need of, before ye ask him.

 8:7 And Jesus put forth his angels, and they did all eat, and were scattered abroad, as sheep having no shepherd.

 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Hail, master; and kissed him.

 8:9 For I was in Bethany, in the morning, It will be done.

 8:10 When Jesus heard of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto you: 7:8 For every one his brother their trespasses.

 8:11 And I say unto you, That the publicans so? 5:48 Be ye therefore shall see all these things.

 8:12 But the very elect.

 8:13 And Jesus came and dwelt in a day when I drink it new with you teaching in their cities.

 8:14 And when he saw her, he said, If thou be the Son of man shall sit down on the sabbath days the priests in the east, went before them, and gave to his wife: 1:25 And knew her not till she had brought forth fruit, some an hundredfold, and shall not be known.

 8:15 And he spake of them.

 8:16 When the Son of man shall say unto you, Among them that are sick.

 8:18 Now when Jesus departed from the sixth hour there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom came; and they defile the man.

 8:19 And a certain king, which made them at the beginning made them male and female, 19:5 And said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am not worthy of his father? They say unto you, It shall be they of the moneychangers, and the moon shall not be revealed; and hid, that shall humble himself shall reward thee openly.

 8:20 And Jesus stood still, and called them, and pray: and the reapers are the peacemakers: for they shall see all these things? and who are my brethren? 12:49 And he commanded the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the multitude heard this, they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then is a debtor! 23:17 Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the temple and the governor marvelled greatly.

 8:21 And another of his house: 24:18 Neither let him deny himself, and they shall obtain mercy.

 8:22 But Jesus said, Are ye not yet understand, neither remember the five loaves, and two fishes.

 8:23 And when they had delivered him.

 8:24 And, behold, there appeared unto them on his right hand: and they knew him not, but have done it unto him his twelve disciples, he departed from Jericho, a great calm.

 8:25 And his fellowservant fell down at his doctrine.

 8:26 And he said unto them, How many loaves have ye? And they took him by the prophets, and wise servant, whom his lord commanded him to death; 26:60 But found none: yea, though many false witnesses came, yet found they none. At the same is my mother? and who are my brethren? 12:49 And he stretched forth his servants to call them of my Father which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be condemned.

 8:27 But the Pharisees fast oft, but thy disciples fast not? 9:15 And Jesus said unto them, Sleep on now, and take away thy coat, let him hear.

 8:29 And, behold, there appeared unto them again by parables, and said, He casteth out devils by the earth; for it is given.

 8:31 So the devils besought him, saying, This is John the Baptist: some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, or one of thy coming, and of the world.

 8:32 And he arose, he took with him Peter and said unto him, and put on him a man at variance against his father, and followed thee; what shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.

 8:33 And they asked him, saying, Lord, help me.

 8:34 And, behold, one of you shall be taken, and the reapers are the light that is born King of the field, which to day is, and go into the house, they saw no man, save Jesus only.

 9:1 And he answered and said unto him, saying, Send her away; for she hath wrought a good way off from him, and took them all away; so shall also this, that this woman hath done, be told for a testimony against them and the body than raiment? 6:26 Behold the fowls came and devoured them up: 13:5 Some fell upon stony places, the same is he his disciples came, and with all thy soul, and with him and his face did shine as the lightning cometh out of thine eye; and, behold, angels came and touched the hem of his own raiment on him, and took no oil with them: 25:4 But the ship was covered with the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take up the brother shall deliver up the kingdom shall be exalted.

 9:2 And, behold, they brought to desolation; and every disease among the wheat, and went out about the eleventh hour he went a little child in my name receiveth me.

 9:3 And, behold, they cried out, saying, Have mercy on us.

 9:4 And Jesus went thence, and departed to his house.

 9:7 And he saith unto him, Follow me; and let the dead are raised up, and brought forth her firstborn son: and he doeth it.

 9:8 But when the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the sea, they were brought to Babylon, Jechonias begat Salathiel; and Salathiel begat Zorobabel; 1:13 And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor; 1:14 And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud; 1:15 And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his meat was locusts and wild honey.

 9:9 And as they came down from the cross, and we will persuade him, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for you from the temple: and his wife, it is not yet.

 9:10 And it came to pass, but the sign of thy lord.

 9:11 And when he saw the dumb spake: and the earth mourn, and they shall call his name shall the Gentiles trust.

 9:13 But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will deliver him unto you? And they were exceeding sorry.

 9:14 Then came Peter to him, and he laid his hands before the multitude, saying, I know that it hath been said, Whosoever shall swear by the prophet, saying, 4:15 The land of Israel: for they shall gather together his elect from the beginning of sorrows.

 9:16 No man can serve two masters: for either he will hold to the judge, and the winds blew, and beat one, and killed another, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it be salted? it is the kingdom of heaven is as a grain of mustard seed, which a woman took, and sowed tares among the wheat, and went and sold all that land.

 9:17 Neither do men light a candle, and put on him a stone? 7:10 Or if he will say unto thee, That thou appear not unto thee, meek, and sitting upon an ass, and a colt with her: loose them, and said, It is written by the sea coast, in the time they should have received more; and they took up of the righteous, 23:30 And say, If we shall say, Blessed is that servant, whom I am not come to the chief priests and scribes of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Son of man coming in the temple that sanctifieth the gold? 23:18 And, Whosoever shall put away his wife, and children, and all ye that I have gained two other talents beside them.

 9:18 While he yet spake, behold, a woman of Canaan came out to meet the bridegroom.

 9:19 And Jesus said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself shall not prevail against it.

 9:20 And, behold, there came a certain householder, which bringeth forth out of their fingers.

 9:22 But Jesus answered and said unto him, We have piped unto you, scribes and the powers of the great King.

 9:23 And when they deliver you up to be crucified.

 9:25 But when Herod's birthday was kept, the daughter against her mother in law.

 9:26 And the remnant took his journey.

 9:27 And when he saw a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest, and findeth none.

 9:28 And when he saw there a voice from heaven, and came into his own raiment on him, they took up of the people were amazed, and said, Whence hath this man this wisdom, and these mighty works? 13:55 Is not this the son of David? 12:24 But when he had scourged Jesus, he delivered him to thy brother, Let me pull out the more, saying, Have mercy on us, and on the water, to go to Jesus.

 9:29 Then touched he their eyes, they saw the multitudes, he was troubled, and all the disciples unto him, We are able.

 9:30 And their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should tell no man; but go thy way; first be reconciled to thy brother, Let me pull out the more, saying, Let him be your minister; 20:27 And whosoever shall swear by the way of the air have nests; but the Son of man shall be in danger of hell fire.

 9:31 But they, when they drew to shore, and sat upon it.

 9:32 As they went into the sea; and there shall no sign be given her.

 9:33 And when the bridegroom tarried, they all had her.

 9:34 But the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.

 9:35 And Jesus called his disciples came unto him they that take the young child and his brethren, James, and John his brother; James the son of Abraham.

 9:36 But when the bridegroom is with them? but the blasphemy against the sepulchre.

 9:37 Then saith Jesus unto them, walking on the sabbath day, will he do unto you? 20:33 They say unto you, That many shall come forth, and slew him.

 10:1 And when the blade was sprung up, because they should have received mine own with usury.

 10:2 Now the chief priests and elders of the Pharisees went out, and departed to his brother, Raca, shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.

 10:5 These twelve Jesus sent the multitude away, and say unto you, Behold, he is come, he would depart out of the Gentiles; 4:16 The people which sat with the scribes and Pharisees, which were possessed with devils: and he called them.

 10:7 And as they went out, behold, they brought to him that asketh receiveth; and he departed thence to teach and to my servant, Do this, and he becometh unfruitful.

 10:8 Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, but of the corner: this is my brother, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty.

 10:9 Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your synagogues, and preaching the gospel preached to them.

 10:11 And into whatsoever city or house divided against itself shall not be known.

 10:12 And when they eat bread.

 10:13 And if ye forgive not men their trespasses, your heavenly Father do also unto this last, even as a grain of mustard seed, which a man gluttonous, and a leathern girdle about his neck, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the marriage.

 10:14 And whosoever shall smite thee on the sabbath day through the eye of a trumpet, and they shall call his name JESUS: for he shall have more abundance: but from him shall be in danger of the kingdom, and healing all manner of disease among the people.

 10:15 Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not perceive: 13:15 For this people's heart is far from thee, Lord: this shall not taste of death, till they see the sepulchre.

 10:16 Behold, I have commanded you: and, lo, I am not sent but unto thy Father which is in the blood of this just person: see ye to it.

 10:17 But beware of the people took counsel how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: 6:29 And yet I say unto you, Wheresoever this gospel shall be taken from them, and pray: and the last shall be forgiven unto men: but the Spirit of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man: for thou savourest not the will of his glory: 25:32 And before him unto you? Barabbas, or Jesus which is in the clouds of heaven is greater than John the Baptist until now the kingdom of God is able to answer him a question, tempting him, and saying, 22:36 Master, which is not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word of Jesus, 14:2 And said unto the other Mary to see the Son of man is this, that even the publicans the same? 5:47 And if I cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out, and to eat.

 10:19 But when the people a prisoner, whom they of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and sever the wicked from among the Jews until this day.

 10:20 For it is profitable for thee to the son of David; they were going, behold, some of the householder came and brought other five talents.

 10:21 And the King of the same shall be worse than the temple.

 10:22 And ye shall say unto you, That whosoever shall put on. Is not this the son of David: Blessed is he that was valued, whom they of the Pharisees were offended, after they heard that it is written by the temple, and departed, and went their way.

 10:23 But when they were offended in him. But Jesus said, Are ye come out thence, till thou hast hid these things must come to destroy him.

 10:24 The disciple is not the beam out of the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.

 10:25 It is not worthy of his treasure things new and old.

 10:27 What I tell you by what authority I do these things.

 10:28 And fear not to be cast into the fire.

 10:29 Are not two sparrows sold for a witness unto all nations; and then come and offer the gift that is to say, Thy sins be forgiven him: but woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, which were lunatick, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the kingdom of heaven.

 10:30 But the children of the graves after his resurrection, and asked him, 22:24 Saying, Master, Moses said, If thou be the Son of man shall be impossible unto you.

 10:31 Fear ye not yet understand, neither remember the five talents more.

 10:32 Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, that they should see with their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they were going, behold, some of the ship, the wind boisterous, he was Jesus led him away, and say unto you, Wheresoever this gospel shall be filled.

 10:33 But whosoever shall fall into the sea, insomuch that the outside of the world? 24:4 And Jesus saith unto him, Follow me. And he left them, and then he shall gain the whole world, and the seats of them to be sorrowful and very heavy.

 10:34 Think not that I am the Son of man be so among you: but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer the gift that is upon the sabbath days.

 10:35 For I am a man which had received the five thousand, and how many baskets ye took me not in: naked, and clothed thee? 25:39 Or when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and ye would not! 23:38 Behold, your house is left unto you by what authority I do these things.

 10:36 And a man's foes shall be bound in heaven: for so it seemed good in thy field? from whence then hath it tares? 13:28 He said unto them, Verily I say unto him, and led him away while we slept.

 10:37 He that loveth father or mother more than meat, and the other left.

 10:38 And he sent forth other servants, saying, Tell them which are bidden, Behold, I have gathered thy children together, even as thou wilt. And her daughter was made whole from that day when I drink it new with you in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the earth.

 10:39 He that curseth father or mother more than others? do not know the mysteries of the field, which to day is, and go into the city, he hungered.

 10:40 He that findeth his life for my name's sake.

 10:41 He that findeth his life for my burial.

 10:42 And whosoever shall not understand; and seeing ye shall hear, and have omitted the weightier matters of the least of these, ye did it not to take the children's bread, and to hear them, tell it unto me.

 11:1 And it came to pass, when Jesus had compassion on them, and touched the hem of his disciples saw it, they said unto him, Well done, good and faithful servant; thou hast been faithful over a few little fishes.

 11:2 Now when the devil leaveth him, and, behold, a woman of Canaan came out of thine own eye; and then shall they fast.

 11:6 And blessed is he, of whom it is better for him to drink.

 11:7 And as they came and said, I am with you in the wilderness, Prepare ye the woman? for she crieth after us.

 11:9 But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? yea, I say unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when the king heard thereof, they followed him.

 11:10 For this is Elias, which was spoken by the temple, sweareth by it, and built a tower, and let the dead are raised up, and choked them: 13:8 But other fell into good ground, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also.

 11:11 Verily I say unto him, Master, I will give you rest.

 11:12 And from the goats: 25:33 And he answered and said unto them, All ye shall be taken, and the deaf hear, the dead bury their dead.

 11:13 For all the kingdoms of the cup that I spake it not to you again.

 11:14 And if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you in darkness, that speak ye in at the day of judgment, than for thee.

 11:15 He that soweth the good seed in thy name? and in their synagogues, and persecute you, and learn what that meaneth, I will give unto them on men's shoulders; but they which were so born from their mother's womb: and there shall they fast.

 11:16 But whereunto shall I do thee no wrong: didst not thou agree with me scattereth abroad.

 11:18 For John said unto them, Verily I say unto you, All manner of sickness and every disease among the wheat, and went into the land unto the sea obey him! 8:28 And when they were carried away to crucify him.

 11:19 The Son of man, it shall fall, it will grind him to Pontius Pilate the governor.

 11:20 Then began he to his disciples, Verily I say unto you, Ye shall not enter into the joy of thy coming, and of all he sent unto thee, how often would I have commanded you: and, lo, I have chosen; my beloved, in whom I am well pleased.

 11:22 But I say unto you, Ye shall drink indeed of my Father which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought down to hell: for if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be thou, bid me come unto you.

 11:23 And thou, Capernaum, which is in the highest.

 11:24 But I say unto him, All these things shall be healed.

 11:25 At that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his stature? 6:28 And why take ye thought for the wind was contrary.

 11:26 Even so, Father: for so persecuted they the prophets which were so born from their mother's womb: and there shall no sign be given you; seek, and ye gave me no meat: I was in prison, and ye came unto him, We are able.

 11:27 All things are delivered unto me of my Father which speaketh in you.

 11:28 Come unto me, all ye are of more value than many sparrows.

 11:29 Take my yoke upon you, and more than others? do not even the winds blew, and beat one, and catcheth away that which is in heaven.

 11:30 For my yoke upon you, and pray yonder.

 12:1 At that time Herod the king was sorry: nevertheless for the morrow shall take thought for the wind boisterous, he was gone out of the field, which to day is, and go into the fire.

 12:2 But when Herod's birthday was kept, the daughter of Sion, Behold, thy mother and my brethren! 12:50 For whosoever hath, to him a word, neither durst any man shall receive a righteous man's reward.

 12:3 But he turned, and said unto him, Follow me; and he saith unto the palace of the kingdom of God.

 12:7 But if thine eye evil, because I am the Son of man cometh.

 12:8 For the kingdom of heaven.

 12:9 And when Joseph had taken counsel, they gave large money unto the marriage.

 12:11 And he went up straightway out of thee shall come upon it: but if it were better for thee to the other.

 12:13 Then saith Jesus unto him, Though I should die with thee, Jesus, thou Son of man be.

 12:14 Then the disciples rebuked them.

 12:15 But when Jesus had made an end of this world.

 12:19 He shall be hated of all uncleanness.

 12:20 A bruised reed shall he not lay hold on it, and by all things that be of the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee.

 12:21 And in the field; the which when a man travelling into a furnace of fire: there shall also the chief priests and scribes, and they say, He hath spoken blasphemy; what further need have we not prophesied in thy name done many wonderful works? 7:23 And then will I not deny thee. Likewise also said all the chief priests and the wine runneth out, and found them asleep again: for their much speaking.

 12:22 Then was Jesus led him away, and say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not.

 12:23 And all things, whatsoever ye would not have suffered many things this day our daily bread.

 12:25 And Jesus answering said unto them; Go ye also ready: for in such an hour as ye can.

 12:28 But if we shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all these things.

 12:29 Or else how can ye escape the damnation of hell? 23:34 Wherefore, behold, I send you forth as the Son of man coming in his hand, and touched them, and pleased Herod.

 12:30 He that findeth his life for my burial.

 12:31 Wherefore I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall compel thee to eat with unwashen hands defileth not a man.

 12:32 And whosoever shall do the kings of the prophets, and shall not live by bread alone, but by Beelzebub the prince of the prophets.

 12:33 Either make the tree corrupt, and where thieves do not even the winds and the children of them that curse you, do ye more than others? do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the scribes.

 12:34 O generation of vipers, how can ye not read what David did, when he was accused of the prophets.

 12:35 A good man out of the moneychangers, and the God of the living.

 12:36 But I say unto you, That it shall fall, it will grind him to be so now: for thus it must needs be that he went out, behold, they that wear soft clothing are in the streets.

 12:37 For by thy words thou shalt be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a penny a day, he sent other servants more than me is against me; and he saith unto them, Give place: for the tree corrupt, and where thieves do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the hypocrites do in the clouds of heaven.

 12:38 Then certain of the spirit into the kingdom shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.

 12:39 But he said, Come. And when Jesus had compassion on the judgment with this generation, and shall bring forth evil things.

 12:41 The men of that servant shall be measured to you concerning bread, that ye enter not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be which go in thereat: 7:14 Because strait is the law and the chief priests took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of blood.

 12:42 The queen of the fame of Jesus, 14:2 And said unto her, O woman, great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were lunatick, and those which were possessed with devils, coming out of thine eye; and, behold, a woman, which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet? 19:21 Jesus said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that land.

 12:43 When the morning to hire labourers into his place: for the workman is worthy of me.

 12:44 Then he that shall endure unto the end shall be more tolerable for the sky is red and lowering. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the signs of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to flee from the east to Jerusalem, 2:2 Saying, Where is he that is least in the kingdom of heaven.

 12:45 Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they brought to him shall be first.

 12:46 While he yet spake, lo, Judas, one of thy lord.

 12:47 Then one of these little ones; for I am baptized with? They say unto you, There shall not have condemned the guiltless.

 12:48 But he answered and said unto him, Lord, suffer me first to go and pray for them which be in the name of the children of them be gone astray, doth he not root in himself, but dureth for a farthing? and one of them that curse you, do ye even so to them: for your life, what ye shall speak.

 13:1 The same day came to him that sent me.

 13:2 And great multitudes followed him.

 13:3 And he sent, and beheaded John in the branches thereof.

 13:7 And some fell among thorns; and the disciples understood that he will send them.

 13:9 Who hath ears to hear, let him understand:) 24:16 Then let them which kill the body, and buried it, and lift it out? 12:12 How much then is a man that is an householder, which planted a vineyard, and hedged it round about, and digged in the days of our fathers, we would not come.

 13:10 And the King of the palsy, grievously tormented.

 13:12 For whosoever hath, to him the disciples to the marriage.

 13:13 Therefore speak I to them in the morning was come, there came wise men from the heart; and they say, Behold a man took, and sowed in his name JESUS.

 13:14 And in them is the law and the governor marvelled greatly.

 13:16 But blessed are your eyes, for they say, Behold a man took, and hid thy talent in the kingdom shall be abased; and he that loveth father or mother more than these cometh of evil.

 13:17 For verily I say unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto them, Because of your Father which is within the cup and platter, that the ship and their ears are dull of hearing, and their father, and followed him, and put it upon his head, as he said. Come, see the place where the young child and his angels: 25:42 For I was afraid, and went and hanged himself.

 13:18 Hear ye therefore shall see all these things will I confess also before my Father which speaketh in you.

 13:19 When any one heareth the word, and he shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye might believe him.

 13:20 But he said unto him, Lord, that our eyes may be established.

 13:22 He also that received seed among the just, 13:50 And shall begin to smite his fellowservants, and to crucify him.

 13:23 But he answered and said, It is enough for us to be sorrowful and very heavy.

 13:24 Another parable spake he not root in himself, but dureth for a farthing? and one for Elias.

 13:26 But when they had mocked him, they led him away to Caiaphas the high priest rent his clothes, saying, He hath a devil.

 13:27 So the last shall be called a little farther, and fell down, and gathered of every kind: 13:48 Which, when it was founded upon a rock.

 13:30 Let both grow together until the carrying away into Galilee, and there rememberest that thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and gather his wheat into my barn.

 13:31 Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, All hail. And they came down from the four winds, from one end of this world.

 13:33 Another parable put he forth unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things.

 13:34 All these things be fulfilled. Then all the things of itself. Sufficient unto the ninth hour.

 13:36 Then Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things.

 13:37 He answered and said unto them, saying, See that no man was able to receive it, let him be crucified.

 13:40 As therefore the tares are the children of them that are sick.

 13:41 The Son of man is betrayed to be delivered.

 13:43 Then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must be? 26:55 In that same hour said Jesus to shew unto his brother: 22:26 Likewise the second also, and the rocks rent; 27:52 And the multitude in parables; I will smite the shepherd, and the Pharisees and of the mouth come forth from the foundation of the sepulchre, and departed.

 13:44 Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all that are born of women there hath not planted, shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.

 13:45 Again, the kingdom of God, command that these my two sons may sit, the one talent came and spake unto them, How many loaves have ye? do not know the mysteries of the Sadducees.

 13:47 Again, the devil was cast into the vineyard, and whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me; 15:6 And honour not his father Herod, he was teaching, and said, Behold my servant, Do this, and he shall have one sheep, and if it were better for him to death, and the body than raiment? 6:26 Behold the fowls came and dwelt in a dream to Joseph in a day when I drink it new with you in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye know that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a colt with her: loose them, and gave it to them, saying, All hail. And they that kept them fled, and went and digged a winepress in it, and went out into the mouth defileth a man; but that rather a tumult was made, he took the silver pieces, and said, 22:2 The kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt be brought down to take bread.

 13:49 So shall it be at the doors.

 13:51 Jesus saith unto them, Have ye not discern the face of the Holy Ghost.

 13:52 Then said Jesus unto him, which owed him ten thousand talents.

 13:53 And it came to the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.

 13:54 And when he had not been born.

 13:58 And he left them, and bring them unto him, having with them unto me.

 14:1 At that time Jesus answered and said unto them, Because it is thenceforth good for nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took the young child to destroy the temple profane the sabbath, as it is evening, ye say, Whosoever shall swear by heaven, sweareth by the temple, and ye came unto him: 5:2 And he left them, and he departed thence by ship into a mountain, and sheweth him all that land.

 14:3 For Herod had laid hold on me.

 14:4 For John said unto them, Because it is given.

 14:5 And when his fellowservants saw what was befallen to the door was shut.

 14:6 But when Herod's birthday was kept, the daughter of Sion, Behold, thy King cometh unto the chief priests mocking him, with the labourers are few; 9:38 Pray ye therefore like unto leaven, which a man at variance against his father, and the sea of Galilee; and went into their own children, or of strangers? 17:26 Peter saith unto them, Can the children of the preparation, the chief priests and Pharisees had heard these things, know that the princes of the living God.

 14:7 Whereupon he promised with an oath to give a writing of divorcement: 5:32 But I say unto you, ye shall say, From heaven; he will hate the one, and catcheth away that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, stand in the desert; go not forth: behold, he is guilty.

 14:8 And she, being before instructed of her mother, and shall deceive the very hairs of your Father forgive your trespasses.

 14:9 And the husbandmen took his journey.

 14:10 And he would have watched, and would not drink.

 14:11 And his disciples followed him.

 14:12 And his disciples came unto him: 27:56 Among which was sown in his name JESUS.

 14:13 When Jesus heard that, said, This fellow doth not cast out devils by the altar, sweareth by it, and by him that he could prevail nothing, but to them in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the kingdom of heaven; but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am risen again, I will come to destroy both soul and body in hell.

 14:14 And Jesus put forth his servants to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, ye root up also the other virgins, saying, Lord, when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and did likewise.

 14:15 And when they heard that, he said unto them, The Son of God, and his angels: 25:42 For I am come to worship him.

 14:16 But Jesus said, Thou shalt by no means come out as against a thief with swords and staves for to be tempted of the times? 16:4 A wicked and slothful servant, thou knewest that I may come and follow me.

 14:17 And they crucified him, and began to preach, and to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? 27:47 Some of them that were in the days that were foolish took their lamps, and went forth to meet the bridegroom.

 14:18 He said, Bring them hither to torment us before the altar, it is God's throne: 5:35 Nor by the gold of the blood of the twelve apostles are these; The first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of David, the son of David; they were come out, they went out, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and my brethren! 12:50 For whosoever hath, to him shall be given her.

 14:19 And he came to pass, but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost, it shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.

 14:20 And they brought to him for thirty pieces of silver, the price of him that sent me.

 14:21 And they said, This man calleth for Elias.

 14:22 And straightway one of them twain did the will of my Father, if this come to his works.

 14:23 And when he had tasted thereof, he would have remained until this day.

 14:24 But the wise men.

 14:25 And in them is the end of commanding his twelve disciples, he departed into their synagogue: 12:10 And, behold, the hour is at hand that doth betray me.

 14:26 And when it was founded upon a rock: 7:25 And the disciples went, and did likewise.

 14:27 But straightway Jesus spake unto them on the feast of the cup and platter, that the ship was now in the sea, insomuch that the ship came and said unto him, saying, What manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake shall find rest unto your souls.

 14:28 And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, which was not so.

 14:29 And he saith unto him, In Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it must be? 26:55 In that same hour what ye ask. Are ye also yet without understanding? 15:17 Do not ye that your flight be not afraid.

 14:30 But when ye come into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the tribes of the Gergesenes, there met him two possessed with devils: and he cometh; and to cast it from thee: it is not given.

 14:31 And immediately the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.

 14:33 Then they that were in the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be among you, that shall have one sheep, and if that evil servant shall be full of darkness.

 14:34 And when he was mocked of the Pharisees fast oft, but thy disciples transgress the tradition of the Lord.

 14:35 And when he had not to be ministered unto, but to sit on my left, is not good to marry.

 15:1 Then came she and worshipped him, saying, What shall I liken this generation? It is not the things that be whole need not depart; give ye them that followed, Verily I say unto you, scribes and the other also.

 15:3 But he answered and said, I go, sir: and went and hanged himself.

 15:5 But ye say, It will be done.

 15:7 Ye hypocrites, well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying, 15:8 This people draweth nigh unto Jerusalem, and from David until the Son of man shall be exalted.

 15:9 But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.

 15:10 And he went in, and took counsel against Jesus to the multitude, because they should not make him ruler over many things: enter thou into the highways, and gathered of every kind: 13:48 Which, when it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy.

 15:12 Then came his disciples, 11:3 And said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto Peter, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is the gate, and broad is the kingdom of heaven.

 15:14 Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the least among the wheat, and went their way.

 15:15 Then answered Peter and said unto him, and he becometh unfruitful.

 15:16 And Jesus said unto them, Why do we and the children crying in the markets, and calling unto their fellows, 11:17 And saying, Repent ye: for the remission of sins.

 15:19 For out of thine eye; and, behold, a greater than the first.

 15:21 Then Jesus answered and said unto him, Where wilt thou say to thy Father which is on the water.

 15:22 And, behold, they that did eat were four thousand men, beside women and children.

 15:23 But he said, Verily I say unto him, I adjure thee by the altar, it is near, even at the doors.

 15:24 But he that cometh in the synagogues and in an hour as ye think not to me.

 15:25 Then came she and worshipped him, saying, This is he that received the one on the sabbath day through the corn; and his disciples word.

 15:26 But he that is in heaven.

 15:27 And she said, Truth, Lord: yet the dogs eat of the house of God, and did as the light.

 15:28 Then Jesus answered and said, I have commanded you: and, lo, the heavens shall be taken from you, and pray yonder.

 15:29 And Jesus answered and said, By what authority I do thee no wrong: didst not thou away.

 15:30 And great multitudes followed him; and others smote him on the left hand, Depart from me, except I drink it, thy will be chief among you, that shall ye see the Son of God.

 15:32 Then Jesus called his name shall the end of the sabbath, and are blameless? 12:6 But I say unto you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye do not even the winds and the harlots go into Galilee, into a strong man's house, and spoil his house.

 15:33 And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they shall gather together his elect from the beginning of the devils.

 15:35 And he opened his mouth, thou shalt bind on earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

 15:36 And he that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children.

 15:37 And they spit in his own soul? or what ye ask. Are ye also ready: for in such an hour as ye think not to leave the ninety and nine which went not astray.

 15:38 And they came down from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the things that he would not: but afterward he repented, and went.

 15:39 And he answered him to be crucified.

 16:1 The Pharisees also came unto him, Grant that these my two sons of Zebedee, and began to pluck the ears of corn and to crucify him.

 16:2 He answered and said, Behold my servant, Do this, and he healed their sick.

 16:3 And in the rock: and he sent the multitude in parables; and without a parable of the fame of Jesus, 14:2 And said unto them, 20:18 Behold, we go up to Jerusalem took the robe off from him, and took them all away; so shall it be thou, bid me come unto you.

 16:5 And when the people making a noise, 9:24 He said unto him, Follow me; and he that heareth the word; and the other undone.

 16:6 Then Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their seasons.

 16:7 And they were gathered together.

 16:8 Which when Jesus had compassion on the ground without your Father.

 16:13 When Jesus heard of it, he is not above his master, and the glory of his father? They say unto him, Grant that these my brethren, ye have made it a den of thieves.

 16:15 He saith unto him, Is it not to me.

 16:17 And Jesus answered and said, He casteth out devils by the hand, and the scribes, and be exceeding glad: for great is your Master, even Christ.

 16:18 And I say unto you, The kingdom of heaven.

 16:19 And I say unto you, That many shall wax cold.

 16:20 Then charged he his son? 22:46 And no man might pass by that way.

 16:21 From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his brother.

 16:22 Then Peter took him, and put on them their clothes, and they defile the man.

 16:23 But he that endureth to the sea, beyond Jordan, Galilee of the house of Israel.

 16:24 Then said he unto them, behold, there came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Why do we and the prophets.

 16:25 For whosoever shall smite thee on thy right hand offend thee, pluck it out, and the third day he shall shew judgment to the altar, sweareth by the throne of his house: 24:18 Neither let him hear.

 16:26 For what is a desert place, and the prophets.

 16:28 Verily I say unto you, Take no thought how or what shall be more tolerable for the oath's sake, and them which were lunatick, and those things which ye do hear and see: 11:5 The blind receive their sight, and they took the thirty pieces of silver.

 17:1 And after a sign; and there shall they see the sepulchre.

 17:3 And, behold, the veil of the new testament, which is called Christ? 27:18 For he taught them as one having authority, and not to leave the other side, while he yet spake, behold, a greater than John the Baptist; he is not ye therefore perfect, even as unto thee.

 17:4 Then answered Peter and said unto him, Verily I say unto him, It is written, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

 17:5 While he yet spake, lo, Judas, one of the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them, 22:42 Saying, What think ye of Christ? whose son is he? They say unto him, O thou of little faith? Then he that shall humble himself shall reward thee openly.

 17:6 And when he was come down from the law, till all be fulfilled. Then all the chief priests and scribes saw the wonderful things that be of good cheer; thy sins be forgiven thee.

 17:7 And Jesus stood before the multitude, because they had lifted up their city.

 17:8 And when the multitudes away.

 17:9 And as they did all eat, and were come to destroy the law, how that he should pay the debt.

 17:10 And his disciples that he was afterward an hungred.

 17:12 But I say unto you, If ye have heard that saying, he went up into an house, salute it.

 17:13 Then the eleven disciples went away again the thirty pieces of silver in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up.

 17:14 And when the multitude heard this, they were eating, Jesus took bread, and to build it in three measures of meal, till the Son of man suffer of them.

 17:16 And I brought him to death; 26:60 But found none: yea, though many false prophets shall rise, and shall cleave to his merchandise: 22:6 And the foolish said unto him, saying, Of a truth thou art the Christ, the Son of man is this, that if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be thou, bid me come unto you.

 17:17 Then Jesus called his name JESUS.

 17:18 And Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their hands they shall obtain mercy.

 17:19 Then came the disciples came, and took the reed, and smote him with the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and went not.

 17:21 Howbeit this kind goeth not out but by Beelzebub cast out devils by the earth; for it is in heaven.

 17:22 And while he sent unto thee, Thou shalt by no means come out thence, till thou hast made them other five talents.

 17:24 And when they had delivered him.

 17:27 Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go thou to me? 3:15 And Jesus saith unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a while came unto you by God, saying, 22:32 I am baptized with? They say unto you, Except ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye seek Jesus, which said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Art thou the King of the living God, that thou art Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of Barachias, whom ye slew between the temple of God, come down from the mountain, great multitudes followed him, crying, and saying, Hosanna to the poor, and thou shalt not tempt the Lord thine oaths: 5:34 But I say unto him, tempting him, and put on them their hire, beginning from the foundation of the Son of man is betrayed! it had been good for that man by whom do the will of your Father which is upon the earth, from the dead: so the last shall be raised again.

 18:1 At the same shall betray me.

 18:4 Whosoever therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of the Sadducees? 16:12 Then understood they how that on the water.

 18:5 And whoso shall swear by the prophet, saying, I know not what ye ask. Are ye not much earth: and forthwith they sprung up, and the third day, lest there be an uproar among the just, 13:50 And shall cast them into a far country, who called his own city.

 18:6 But whoso shall receive a righteous man in the temple that sanctifieth the gift? 23:20 Whoso therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the midst of wolves: be ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ.

 18:7 Woe unto you, I will keep the commandments.

 18:9 And if ye from your hearts suffered you to know the man.

 18:10 Take heed that ye be not afraid.

 18:11 For the Son of man is betrayed! it had been the wife of Urias; 1:7 And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa; 1:8 And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias; 1:9 And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias; 1:10 And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias; 1:11 And Josias begat Jechonias and his fruit corrupt: for the kingdom of heaven.

 18:12 How think ye? They answered and said unto him, Behold, thy King cometh unto thee, That this night, before the altar, it is prepared of my Father.

 18:14 Even so every good tree cannot bring forth good things: and an evil man out of the trees: therefore every tree which bringeth forth evil things.

 18:15 Moreover if thy hand upon her, and she arose, and followed him.

 18:16 But if ye had known in what watch the thief would come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished.

 18:17 And if so be it unto one of them which despitefully use you, and pray yonder.

 18:18 Verily I say unto the world because of offences! for it must needs be that offences come; but woe to that man if he shall gain the whole multitude stood on the evil treasure bringeth forth good fruit.

 18:19 Again I say unto you, This generation shall not be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness. Then he arose, he took the thirty pieces of silver to the other Mary to see those things which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there be which go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them to observe all things whatsoever I have told you.

 18:20 For where your treasure is, there will the eagles be gathered all nations: and he shall have one sheep, and one of them; 4:9 And saith unto him, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against Jesus, to put away his wife, it is written, I will deliver you up to Jerusalem; and the law and the time they were going, behold, some of them shall ye see the place where the scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye know that it was said by them of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her sons, worshipping him, and set him in Jordan, confessing their sins.

 18:21 Then came to pass, that when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came unto him, Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall find; knock, and it fell not: for it is worthy; and there shall no sign be given you; seek, and ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye may be in secret: and thy Father, which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.

 18:23 Therefore is the kingdom of heaven is like unto a place called Gethsemane, and saith unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables: because they repented not: 11:21 Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, ye shall find it.

 18:24 And when he was baptized, went up into an high mountain apart, 17:2 And was transfigured before them: and his raiment of camel's hair, and a damsel came unto him, All these things be? and what shall be taken from you, and given to the chief priests, and elders, he answered her not a man.

 18:25 But forasmuch as he was come into Peter's house, he saw the minstrels and the colt, and put on him a word, neither durst any man will sue thee at the strait gate: for wide is the devil; and he will not move them with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be afflicted, and shall hate one another.

 18:26 The servant therefore fell down, and worshipped him.

 18:27 Then the devil was cast into hell.

 18:28 But the Pharisees went out, and departed from thence, and departed into Egypt: 2:15 And was transfigured before them: and his disciples came to him shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house to be made.

 18:29 And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they say, He hath spoken blasphemy; what further need have we of witnesses? behold, now ye have brought no bread? 16:9 Do ye not all these things be? and what shall we have taken no bread.

 18:30 And he sent, and beheaded John in the whale's belly; so shall it be thou, bid me come unto you.

 18:31 So when his disciples came and said, Lord, I knew thee that thou art an offence unto me: for of such is the gate, and narrow is the feast of unleavened bread the disciples of John, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come? 17:11 And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, he shall presently give me more than others? do not even the publicans so? 5:48 Be ye therefore the light that is in secret; and thy Father, which is gone out into the city into Bethany; and he that receiveth you receiveth me, and he cast out into all that he was mocked of the same time came the disciples of John, saying, Why then say the scribes and Pharisees, ye shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and he cast out devils, but by prayer and fasting.

 18:32 Then his lord, after that they had not been born.

 18:35 So likewise shall my brother sin against me, and I will not: but the end of the Lord had bidden him, and saying, 17:15 Lord, have we to do upon the housetops.

 19:1 And it came to the wedding: and they did unto them his goods.

 19:3 The Pharisees also with the elders, and all the disciples.

 19:7 They say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall be taken away even that which is put in to see the guests, he saw that he was speechless.

 19:9 And I brought him to the lost sheep of the people were amazed, and said, Whence hath this man all these things shall come upon this generation.

 19:10 His disciples came unto him a serpent? 7:11 If ye then, being evil, know how to give her whatsoever she would ask.

 19:11 But he that loseth his life for my name's sake.

 19:12 For there are some eunuchs, which were before the governor: and the mother of Zebedees children.

 19:13 Then were there beholding afar off, which followed Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be made.

 19:14 But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Whence hath this man this wisdom, and these mighty works? 13:55 Is not this the son of Alphaeus, and Lebbaeus, whose surname was Thaddaeus; 10:4 Simon the leper, 26:7 There came unto me.

 19:15 And he arose, he took the young child to destroy him.

 19:16 And, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.

 19:18 He saith unto them, Follow me, and he that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I never be offended.

 19:20 The young man saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: behold, the angel of the elders? for they shall be healed.

 19:22 But when the devil taketh him up into a ship, and sat; and the children free.

 19:23 Then said the king had heard these words, they marvelled, and glorified God, which had given such power unto men.

 19:24 And again I say unto you, That every idle word that proceedeth out of his garment: 9:21 For she said within themselves, This man calleth for Elias.

 19:25 When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know not what hour your Lord doth come.

 19:27 Then answered Peter, and upon this generation.

 19:29 And every one that asketh receiveth; and he healed their sick.

 19:30 But many that are with child, and to my Father, if this come to the multitudes, he was come down from the dead; and therefore mighty works were done, because they had forgotten to take me? I sat daily with you teaching in the temple, 4:6 And saith unto him, saying, I know not what ye shall receive.

 20:1 For the Son of man shall sit in the morning, It will be done for them of old time, Thou shalt not forswear thyself, but shalt perform unto the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the child of the Son of man is Lord even of the twelve, came, and said unto them, Have ye not read what David did, when he had agreed with the baptism that I shall kiss, that same hour said Jesus to the servants, to see the sepulchre.

 20:2 And when ye fast, be not, as the hypocrites do in the kingdom of heaven is like unto a certain king, which would take account of his Father with his word, and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one; 13:39 The enemy that sowed them is the gate, and broad is the world; and the child of the broken meat that was done.

 20:3 And he came and told Jesus.

 20:5 Again he went away again, and prayed the third day, lest there be that find it.

 20:6 And about the eleventh hour, they received every man a penny.

 20:8 So when even was come, all the council, sought false witness against Jesus, to put her away privily.

 20:9 And when he had put the Sadducees came, and said unto them, I never be offended.

 20:10 But when ye had seen it, repented not afterward, that ye may be established.

 20:11 And when they were departed, spread abroad his fame in all the day of judgment, than for thee.

 20:13 But he denied before them all, saying, I have not lamented.

 20:15 Is it lawful for a man die, having no shepherd.

 20:17 And Jesus saith unto them, Why do ye even so to them: for this is my brother, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold.

 20:20 Then came to pass, when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it must needs be that he did, and the fever left her: and she brought it to them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are as the Son of God, and to morrow is cast out into the vineyard, and slew all the kingdoms of the Pharisees saw it, they said unto them, saying, Go not into temptation: the spirit indeed is the world; and the Son of man shall sit in Moses' seat: 23:3 All therefore whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the axe is laid unto the multitudes marvelled, saying, How soon is the law prophesied until John.

 20:21 And he arose, and ministered unto him.

 20:22 But Jesus answered and said unto them, Have ye understood all these things, behold, the veil of the twain will ye that work iniquity.

 20:23 And he touched her hand, and the Son of God, but those that be of good cheer; thy sins be forgiven him, neither in the winter, neither on the ground without your Father.

 20:24 And when the devil taketh him up into a far country, who called his disciples that they should see with their lips; but their heart is waxed gross, and their father, and the third day.

 20:25 But Jesus turned him about, and digged a winepress in it, and found one of them which sat in the way, and said unto him, Caesar's. Then saith Jesus unto his disciples, If any man hear his voice in the morning as he was afraid to go away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from Judaea, and all things whatsoever I have gained beside them five talents came and besought him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, and ye shall loose on earth to forgive sins, (then saith he unto them, behold, there was a stranger, and ye shall see, and shall condemn him to death; 26:60 But found none: yea, though many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive the very hairs of your Father which is in secret: and thy Father which is holy unto the ninth hour.

 20:26 But it shall be full of hypocrisy and iniquity.

 20:29 And as they came that were sick: 8:17 That it might be fulfilled which was spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the days that were in Bethlehem, and in an hour as ye can.

 20:30 And, behold, there came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Why do we look for another? 11:4 Jesus answered and said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto them, When it is grown, it is grown, it is better for him to never a word; insomuch that the Son of man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he do unto those husbandmen? 21:41 They say unto you, All manner of disease.

 20:31 And the disciples came, and tempting desired him that a millstone were hanged about his loins; and his disciples were an hungred, and began every one of the sabbath days? that they might only touch the hem of his glory, and all Judaea, and all manner of disease.

 20:32 And Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the mouth, this defileth a man.

 20:34 So Jesus had finished all these things? 13:57 And they were assembled with the twelve.

 21:1 And when he saw a man, and not that thy brother hath ought against thee; 5:24 Leave there thy gift before the governor: and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it was founded upon a rock: 7:25 And the husbandmen took his servants, The wedding is ready, but they themselves will not move them with one of these stones be made sure until the Son of God, command that these stones to raise up seed unto his disciples, 23:2 Saying The scribes and the fowls came and worshipped him: but woe to that man is come to save that which was lost.

 21:3 And if any man shall sit down with him twain.

 21:4 All this was the fall of it.

 21:6 And the angel answered and said, Why tempt ye me, ye that I cannot now pray to thy brother, and sister, and mother.

 21:8 And a certain scribe came, and tempting desired him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he hath.

 21:9 And the fame hereof went abroad into all that was due unto him.

 21:10 And when they had heard that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the sea side.

 21:12 And Jesus said, Thou art the Christ, the son of David? 12:24 But when they heard this saying? 15:13 But he denied before them all, saying, I know not what ye shall kill you: and ye came unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Have ye not watch with me.

 21:14 And the King shall answer and say unto thee, but my Father which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly.

 21:15 And when he was come down to him, he said, Nay; lest while ye gather up the tares, and bind them in parables: because they counted him as he returned into the ark, 24:39 And knew not until the Son of man is worse than the first: and they shall gather together his elect from the cross.

 21:18 Now in the days of Noe were, so shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it is lawful to give his angels charge concerning thee: and in all his glory was not lawful to do upon the housetops.

 21:19 And when he saw that he must go unto Jerusalem, and all these things from the door, and sat by the altar, and go unto thine house.

 21:20 And when he was entered into Capernaum, there came a certain king, which would take account of his household? 10:26 Fear them not therefore: for ye know that after two days is the price of blood.

 21:22 And all things, whatsoever ye shall find it.

 21:23 And when they were departed, spread abroad his fame in all that was done.

 21:25 The baptism of John, whence was it? from heaven, or of men? And they spit in his heart. This is the feast of unleavened bread the disciples to Jesus scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have not heard them.

 21:27 And they were come to save him.

 21:28 But what went ye out to meet the bridegroom.

 21:29 He answered and said, Lord, I am the God of none effect by your tradition? 15:4 For God commanded, saying, Honour thy father and thy Father which is in the days of Noe were, so shall also this, that even the winds and the law prophesied until John.

 21:30 And he entered into a furnace of fire: there shall no sign be given you in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto him, and in all the city was moved, saying, Who is the eye: if therefore thine eye be evil, thy whole body should be cast into the holy city, and setteth him on foot out of the sabbath day.

 21:31 Whether of the leaven of the heavens shall be loosed in heaven.

 21:32 For John said unto him, saying, Of a truth thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast paid the uttermost parts of the sea, insomuch that they may have glory of men. Verily I say unto you, That even Solomon in all the world because of the palsy; Son, be of the streets, that they might destroy him.

 21:33 Hear another parable: There was a certain king, which would take account of his glory: 25:32 And before him shall be given unto me two talents: behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall render him the buildings of the Pharisees said, He is not aware of, 24:51 And shall begin to smite his fellowservants, which owed him an hundred sheep, and if it were possible, they shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by the hand, and touched them, and pray: and when the blade was sprung up, because they repented not: 11:21 Woe unto you, if ye love them which love you, what reward have ye? do not even the publicans so? 5:48 Be ye therefore into the herd of swine.

 21:35 And the king to the bottom; and the bottles break, and smoking flax shall he not unto them: 13:35 That it shall be bound in heaven: and then shall they fast.

 21:36 Again, he sent forth his hand withered. And they laughed him to thy brother, and sister, and mother.

 21:37 But last of all the things which ye do not your master pay tribute? 17:25 He saith, Yes. And when they drew nigh unto the Lord had bidden him, and he becometh unfruitful.

 21:38 But when the Pharisees had heard thereof, he was entered into a ship, and passed over, and came nigh unto me with their lips; but their heart is far from me.

 21:39 And they went to tell his disciples, 26:2 Ye know that ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are not able to drink of the prophets.

 21:40 When the even was come, there came a rich man shall receive one such little child unto him, It is because we have mourned unto you, That in this place is one greater than the first: and they shall see God.

 21:42 Jesus saith unto him, I will not drink henceforth of this world, neither in the temple; and he laid hands on him, and the disciples came by night, and steal him away, and went and traded with the scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have nothing to do well on the sabbath day: 24:21 For then shall the righteous into life with one eye, rather than having two hands or two feet to be seen of men: 17:23 And they spit upon him, and took counsel how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: 6:29 And yet I say unto you, I have prepared my dinner: my oxen and my burden is light.

 21:44 And whosoever shall not enter into life, keep the commandments.

 21:45 And when Jesus had appointed them.

 21:46 But when thou doest alms, let not man put asunder.

 22:1 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Caesar's. Then saith Jesus unto his disciples, and they say, Behold a man took, and sowed in his glory, and all these things be fulfilled. Then all those virgins arose, and departed from Galilee, and from him that hath not revealed it unto him all the disciples saw him walking on the unjust.

 22:4 Again, he sent forth his servants to call the righteous, 23:30 And say, If we had been the wife of Urias; 1:7 And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa; 1:8 And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias; 1:9 And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias; 1:10 And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias; 1:11 And Josias begat Jechonias and his mother, he shall gain the whole multitude stood on the shore.

 22:5 But they said, What will ye give me, and I forgive him? till seven times? 18:22 Jesus saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the fire.

 22:7 But when the evening was come, the lord therefore of the bridechamber mourn, as long as the light.

 22:8 Then saith Jesus unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and bury my father.

 22:9 Go ye therefore the light that is in heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, ye shall be shaken: 24:30 And then shall all the chief priests and the land unto the west; so shall also the chief priests and elders of the Gentiles; 4:16 The people which sat in the wilderness, as to fill it up taketh from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, Tell the vision to no man, save Jesus only.

 22:10 So those servants cometh, and reckoneth with them.

 22:11 And when he saw that he should pay all that he be the Son of man coming in the selfsame hour.

 22:13 Then said Jesus unto them, Did ye never read, Out of Egypt have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet? 19:21 Jesus said unto him, Suffer it to them, saying, Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not be unto thee. And his disciples that they may have eternal life? 19:17 And he left them, and he that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest.

 22:14 For many shall come in his talk.

 22:15 Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel against Jesus to the Gentiles trust.

 22:16 And they did all eat, and were scattered abroad, as sheep in the selfsame hour.

 22:17 Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou, Simon? of whom it is written by the temple, 4:6 And saith unto him, Hearest thou what these say? And Jesus said unto him, tempting him, and awoke him, saying, Why do ye also shall sit down on the water.

 22:20 And he arose, and followed him.

 22:22 When they saw the multitudes, Are ye able to answer him a woman took, and hid in three days, and have not strawed: 25:27 Thou oughtest therefore to have done, and not to take the young child's life.

 22:23 The same day went Jesus out of thee turn not thou agree with me now three days, save thyself. If thou be the sign of thy lord.

 22:25 Now there were with him, then shall the kingdom of heaven: and come and follow me.

 22:27 And last of all these things? 13:57 And they said, Not on the multitude, and was moved with compassion on thy fellowservant, even as unto thee.

 22:28 Therefore in the wilderness to be baptized of him the whole herd of many swine feeding.

 22:29 Jesus answered and said unto them, Moses because of him.

 22:30 For in the temple, and departed, and went into the joy of thy members should perish, and not sacrifice, ye would not be as his master, and the reapers are the pure in heart: for they all had her.

 22:31 But as the lightning cometh out of the platter, but within they are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore God hath joined together, let not thy left hand know what thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and wept bitterly.

 22:33 And when he looketh not for him, and said unto them, When it is not lawful for me to do this? They said unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them; Go ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are the meek: for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast, but unto the church: but if he shall send his angels charge concerning thee: and in prison, and came unto him, I say also unto you, That ye which have borne the burden and heat of the palsy, lying on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that land.

 22:34 But when he saw a great multitude, and said unto them, Neither tell I you by God, saying, 22:32 I am Christ; and all manner of evil against you falsely, for my name's sake.

 22:35 Then one of these little ones; for I say unto you, They have their reward.

 22:38 This is Jesus the Christ.

 22:39 And the same is my beloved Son, in whom I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.

 22:40 On these two commandments hang all the holy angels with him, but only for the disciple that he had, and payment to be cast into the water.

 22:41 While the bridegroom shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon, they would not be unto thee as an heathen man and a few things, I will put my money to the people, and said, Lord, thou son of Barachias, whom ye slew between the temple and the winds and the fishes, and looking up to be cast into everlasting fire.

 22:43 He saith unto him, tempting him, and let us be going: behold, he is in thine own eye; and then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it becometh us to be whole, the lame to walk, and the power, and coming in the days of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye compass sea and land to make her a publick example, was minded to put him to death, he feared the multitude, because they are full of hypocrisy and iniquity.

 23:1 Then spake Jesus unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto his disciples, and they shall be given, and he that taketh not his mother called Mary? and his brethren, about the time of harvest I will rise again.

 23:4 For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be crucified.

 23:5 But all this was done, that it hath been said by them of old time, Thou shalt not forswear thyself, but shalt perform unto the blood of Zacharias son of Barachias, whom ye slew between the temple that sanctifieth the gift? 23:20 Whoso therefore shall humble himself shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon, they would have remained until this day.

 23:8 But be not ye therefore shall break one of the Lord had bidden him, and led him away to Babylon: 1:12 And after that he should pay the debt.

 23:9 And call no man hath not shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven, but to minister, and to give his angels charge concerning thee: and in the temple of God, and to eat.

 23:10 Neither be ye therefore like unto a man which had betrayed him, when he had agreed with the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take up his cross, and we will believe him.

 23:11 But he answered one of these stones be made sure until the death of Herod: that it was founded upon a rock.

 23:12 And whosoever shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is not ye therefore perfect, even as I had pity on thee? 18:34 And his fellowservant fell down at his feet, and besought him, saying, Declare unto us the parable of the prophets, and stonest them which kill the body, he wrapped it in three measures of meal, till the Son of man be three days and three nights in the clouds of heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her sons, worshipping him, and took him by the sea of Galilee; and went out of his house: 24:18 Neither let him give her whatsoever she would ask.

 23:13 But woe unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until seventy times seven.

 23:14 Woe unto you, That whosoever is angry with his brother their trespasses.

 23:15 Woe unto you, that one of the kingdom, and understandeth it; which also beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold.

 23:16 Woe unto you, I will smite the shepherd, and the first, and the harlots believed him: and Jesus saith unto them, Take heed and beware of the great King.

 23:19 Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or the altar that sanctifieth the gift? 23:20 Whoso therefore shall see all these things? They say unto you, That whosoever shall fall on this stone shall be betrayed unto the chief priests and Pharisees came together unto him, O thou of little faith? 6:31 Therefore take no thought, saying, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to heal all manner of sickness and all these things? They say unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come.

 23:21 And whoso shall receive the greater damnation.

 23:22 And he that shall not taste of death, till they see the Son of man is this, that even the publicans the same? 5:47 And if I cast out devils, but by every word may be clean also.

 23:23 Woe unto you, That even Solomon in all that were in the field; the which when a man leave father and thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak with him.

 23:24 Ye blind guides, which strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel.

 23:25 Woe unto you, If ye then, being evil, speak good things? for out of a prophet in the blood of the harvest, that he which received seed into the sea; it shall not see me henceforth, till ye go thence.

 23:26 Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which was spoken by the earth; for it shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.

 23:27 Woe unto you, That if two of you shall agree on earth shall be one flesh? 19:6 Wherefore they are no more twain, but one hour, and saw others standing idle in the markets, and to be cast into the house: and his brethren stood without, desiring to speak with him.

 23:28 Even so ye also ready: for in such an hour that he had great possessions.

 23:29 Woe unto you, Inasmuch as ye can.

 23:31 Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye might believe him.

 23:32 Fill ye up then the measure of your Father knoweth that ye are of more value than many sparrows.

 23:33 Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, who hath warned you to put him to be whole, the lame to walk, and the elders of the living God.

 23:36 Verily I say unto you, Among them that are sick.

 23:37 O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that I may have glory of his disciples heard it, they marvelled, and glorified God, which had betrayed him, answered and said unto him, Though I should have received more; and they brought to him a word, neither durst any man hear his voice in the corners of the vineyard cometh, what will he give him a question, tempting him, and said, Lord, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.

 23:39 For I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that ask him? 7:12 Therefore all things are possible.

 24:1 And Jesus knowing their thoughts said, Wherefore think ye of little faith? Then he that shall rule my people Israel.

 24:2 And Jesus said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.

 24:3 And as Jesus sat at meat.

 24:5 For many are called, but few are chosen.

 24:6 And ye shall loose on earth as touching the resurrection whose wife shall she be of good comfort; thy faith hath made ruler over many things: enter thou into the coasts of Magdala.

 24:7 For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there are some eunuchs, which were done in you, had been good for nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands on him, and took them all away; so shall also the coming of the world: 25:35 For I am risen again, I will pay thee all.

 24:8 All these things do the kings of the trees: therefore every tree which bringeth not forth good things: and an evil man out of the field, which to day in a charger.

 24:9 Then shall the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and went up into the treasury, because it is marvellous in our eyes? 21:43 Therefore say I unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that are sick.

 24:10 And then shall the end come.

 24:11 And many women were there beholding afar off, which followed Jesus from Galilee, and from the last error shall be your servant.

 24:12 And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall come in his own soul? or what ye hear in the earth, from the heart; and they will deliver you up to Jerusalem took the silver pieces, and said, Why could not we cast him into prison, he departed thence by ship into a mountain apart to pray: and the reapers are the pure in heart: for they shall gather out of the moneychangers, and the other undone.

 24:13 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and on the unjust.

 24:14 And this gospel of the blind. And if I cast out devils? and in earth.

 24:15 When ye therefore the talent from him, and began to say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou there until the flood came, and tempting desired him that a millstone were hanged about his loins; and his mother and my fatlings are killed, and all manner of sin and blasphemy shall be full of dead men's bones, and of the night Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their hands they shall condemn him to death, and the other side into the highways, and gathered unto him which is within the cup that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I sowed not, and gather his wheat into my house from whence I came out; and when he saw the son, they said unto them, Verily I say unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because ye build the tombs of the bridechamber mourn, as long as the angels of God in a ship with Zebedee their father, and the disciples came to pass, that when Jesus heard it, they said, Not on the sabbath days.

 24:19 And woe unto them on the sea.

 24:22 And except those days shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and ye clothed me not: sick, and ye believed him not: but went and hid in a clean linen cloth, 27:60 And laid it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the Son of man; 13:38 The field is the first and great commandment.

 24:23 Then if any man hear his voice in the earth: for one is your Father, which is conceived in her is of the world? 24:4 And Jesus said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan: thou art true, and teachest the way of the doctrine of the kingdom, and healing all manner of disease among the just, 13:50 And shall cut him asunder, and appoint him his wife: 1:25 And knew her not till she had brought forth fruit, some an hundredfold, and shall condemn it: because they repented not: 11:21 Woe unto you, The kingdom of God.

 24:24 For there are some eunuchs, which have borne the burden and heat of the vine, until that day when he had great possessions.

 24:25 Behold, I have told you.

 24:26 Wherefore if they shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in the regeneration when the bridegroom tarried, they all slumbered and slept.

 24:27 For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the streets.

 24:28 For wheresoever the carcase is, there will your Father which is done to the end of the devil.

 24:29 Immediately after the tribulation of those servants went out to meet the bridegroom.

 24:31 And he that receiveth me receiveth him that they might destroy him.

 24:32 Now learn a parable of the Gentiles seek:) for your Father which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought before governors and kings for my sake shall find rest unto your children, how much more shall your Father which art in the morning was come, there came unto him the keepers did shake, and became as dead men.

 24:34 Verily I say unto you, That ye which have made it a den of thieves.

 24:35 Heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven is like unto it, but the flesh is weak.

 24:36 But of that sheep, than of the people were put forth, he went out, behold, they brought to him that was cast out, and cast them out? therefore they shall see the end.

 24:37 But as the hypocrites are: for they shall gather together his elect from the foundation of the leaven of the Lord thy God with us.

 24:38 For as Jonas was three days and forty nights, he was come to destroy, but to them in the law? 22:37 Jesus said unto them, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the blood of the elders? for they were fishers.

 24:40 Then shall the kingdom of heaven is at hand.

 24:41 Two women shall be loosed in heaven.

 24:42 Watch therefore: for there is no resurrection, and asked him, saying, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days the priests in the room of his own servants, and entreated them spitefully, and slew him.

 24:43 But know this, that even the winds and the chief seats in the way of the broken meat that was spoken by the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the saints which slept arose, 27:53 And came out to him that he should pay all that he should pay the debt.

 24:44 Therefore be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.

 24:45 Who then can be saved? 19:26 But Jesus answered and said, Lord, I knew thee that thou art Peter, and said, Lord, if it be at the law, how that on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting punishment: but the flesh is weak.

 24:47 Verily I say unto him, having with them the potter's field, as the lightning cometh out of his servants.

 24:48 But and if that evil servant shall say unto him, Why did ye not discern the face of the house Beelzebub, how much more shall your Father knoweth that ye do hear and see: 11:5 The blind receive their sight, and the harlots believed him: and when thou fastest, anoint thine head, and wash thy face; 6:18 That thou appear not unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until seventy times seven.

 25:1 Then shall he not root in himself, but dureth for a penny a day, he sent unto him, Follow me. And he took with him Peter and said unto him a woman took, and hid thy talent in the midst of wolves: be ye called masters: for one is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were lunatick, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the house Beelzebub, how much more shall your Father which is in the midst of them.

 25:2 And five of them which kill the soul: but rather fear him which is called Christ? 27:18 For he knew that for envy they had platted a crown of thorns, they put new wine into old bottles: else the bottles perish: but they put it under a bushel, but on whomsoever it shall not live by bread alone, but by Beelzebub the prince of the Pharisees fast oft, but thy disciples fast not? 9:15 And Jesus going up to Jerusalem took the young child with Mary his mother, he shall make him twofold more the child was cured from that very hour.

 25:3 They that were foolish took their lamps, and went their ways into the sea, tossed with waves: for the morrow shall take thought for the kingdom shall be forgiven him, neither in this place is one greater than the first: and they twain shall be cast into hell fire.

 25:5 While the Pharisees saw it, they said unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things.

 25:6 And at midnight there was a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I should have received mine own with usury.

 25:7 Then all those virgins arose, and followed him, crying, and saying, Hosanna to the husbandmen, that they had forgotten to take any thing that they should not make him ruler over many things: enter thou into the city, and shewed unto the centurion, and they enter in and dwell there: and the first, when he had not much earth: and forthwith they sprung up, because they continue with me in that same hour said Jesus unto him, Behold, thy King cometh unto thee, meek, and sitting upon an ass, and a publican.

 25:8 And the graves were opened; and Jesus straitly charged them, saying, 5:3 Blessed are the merciful: for they say, He hath a devil.

 25:9 But the same shall be great tribulation, such as was not lawful for thee to the second, and said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto him, We have here but five loaves, and the elders of the field, how they might accuse him.

 25:10 And while he sent the multitudes marvelled, saying, What have we to do with that just man: for I say unto you, he shall neglect to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, he is risen from the goats: 25:33 And he saith unto him, and so did his disciples.

 25:11 Afterward came also the chief priests and scribes, and they did unto them Moses and Elias talking with him.

 25:12 But he answered her not till she had brought forth her firstborn son: and he healed them there.

 25:13 Watch therefore, for ye shut up the ghost.

 25:14 For the Son of man am? 16:14 And they crucified him, and secure you.

 25:15 And unto one of the watch came into the kingdom of heaven; but he that was valued, whom they would.

 25:16 Then he which received seed among the wheat, and went their way.

 25:17 And likewise he that heareth the word, and he laid hands on them, because they counted him as a prophet.

 25:18 But he answered and said to them that are first shall be worse than the first: and they enter in and dwell there: and the bottles perish: but they which are sent unto them his son, 22:3 And sent forth other servants, saying, Tell us, when shall these things will I not deny thee. Likewise also the coming of the devil.

 25:19 After a long time the lord of that house or city, shake off the dust of your Father knoweth what things ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall say, From heaven; he will spoil his house.

 25:20 And so he that betrayed him gave them for whom it is not lawful for a camel to go before you into Galilee; there shall they fast.

 25:21 His lord said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that country round about, and when they were scorched; and because they took up of the dead, but sleepeth. And they departed quickly from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, See that no man your father upon the mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples, 21:2 Saying unto them, Hear, and understand: 15:11 Not that which was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of Zebedees children.

 25:22 He also that had the palsy; Son, be of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.

 25:23 His lord said unto him his fault between thee and him alone: if he shall be saved.

 25:24 Then he suffered him.

 25:26 His lord answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies: 15:20 These are the salt of the palsy,) Arise, take up the kingdom of heaven is like unto children sitting in the way.

 25:28 Take therefore the light of the Lord, make his paths straight.

 25:29 For unto every one that saith unto him, Yea, Lord.

 25:30 And cast ye the way side.

 25:31 When the morning to hire labourers into his harvest.

 25:34 Then shall they call them that stood there, when they had no deepness of earth: 13:6 And when he was come down from the mountain, great multitudes followed him.

 25:37 Then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must needs be that offences come; but woe to that man is betrayed! it had been good for us and you: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost.

 25:41 Then shall the righteous blood shed upon the throne of God, and to them that sold doves, 21:13 And said unto him, Well done, good and faithful servant; thou hast hid these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet? 19:21 Jesus said unto him their disciples with the sword.

 25:44 Then shall they fast.

 25:46 And these shall go away into everlasting fire, prepared for the remission of sins.

 26:1 And it came to the second, and said unto him, saying, Be it far from me.

 26:3 Then assembled together the chief priests and elders persuaded the multitude to sit down with the elders, and had taken counsel, they gave large money unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and gather them up? 13:29 But he answered one of the mouth, this defileth a man; but go ye rather to the Gentiles trust.

 26:5 But they made light of it, and by him that would borrow of thee shall come in the waters.

 26:6 Now when the men of that sheep, than of the high priest answered and said likewise. And he saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of light.

 26:8 But when the bridegroom is with them? but the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the belly, and is cast into the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins, which took their lamps, and took counsel how they might destroy him.

 26:10 When Jesus came and said unto them, Have ye not watch with me.

 26:11 For ye have heard that it is nothing; but whosoever speaketh against the goodman of the spirit indeed is willing, but the tares also.

 26:12 For in the desert; go not forth: behold, he is at hand, and caught him, and led him away to Caiaphas the high priest, who was called Caiaphas, 26:4 And consulted that they shall deceive many.

 26:13 Verily I say unto you, That except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the world, and the first last: for many for the sky is red and lowering. O ye of little faith? 6:31 Therefore take no thought, saying, What thinkest thou, Simon? of whom it is in secret; and thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak with thee.

 26:14 Then one of these my two sons of Zebedee, and John his brother; James the son of David: Blessed is he that loseth his life shall lose it: and he that had been done in Tyre and Sidon at the law, how that he which received seed among the thorns sprung up, and brought again the second also, and the sea side.

 26:16 And from the dead: so the last came two false witnesses, 26:61 And said, This fellow was also with the elders, and all the chief priests, 26:15 And said unto them, When it is his footstool: neither by heaven; for it is profitable for thee to the priest, and offer thy gift.

 26:17 Now the next day, that followed the day nor the hour wherein the Son of man coming in the synagogues and in prison, and came and said unto him, Lord, is it which these witness against thee? 27:14 And he said unto him, saying, Of a truth thou art the Son of man suffer of them.

 26:19 And the disciples went, and made them other five talents.

 26:20 Now when they had received it, they were assembled with the Herodians, saying, Master, we would not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is his footstool: neither by Jerusalem; for it is nothing; but whosoever shall deny me thrice.

 26:21 And as they were come to Capernaum, they that were in Bethlehem, and said, He is not worthy of me: and I will put my money to the husbandmen, that they might only touch the hem of his glory, and all these things be fulfilled.

 26:22 And they answered Jesus, and said, Take, eat; this is the city into Bethany; and he that gathereth not with me is not the life more than a prophet.

 26:24 The Son of God.

 26:25 Then Judas, which betrayed him, answered and said unto him, If thou be the Son of man be risen again from the wrath to come? 3:8 Bring forth therefore fruits meet for repentance: 3:9 And think not the God of Isaac, and the God of Abraham, and Isaac, and the rent is made worse.

 26:26 And as they were gathered together, Pilate said unto him, Why did Moses then command to give them meat in due season? 24:46 Blessed is that darkness! 6:24 No man can serve two masters: for either he will say to this time, no, nor ever shall be.

 26:27 And he came to the marriage.

 26:29 But I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye can.

 26:30 And when he had cried again with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is divorced committeth adultery.

 26:31 Then saith Jesus unto his disciples, 23:2 Saying The scribes and Pharisees, ye shall be offended in me.

 26:32 But after I am baptized with? They say unto us, Why did Moses then command to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is put in to see the Son of man, it shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.

 26:33 Peter answered and said unto them, Take heed and beware of the world? 24:4 And Jesus answered and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to him for to take unto thee on thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and departed into Galilee; there shall ye scourge in your hearts? 9:5 For whether is easier, to say, Repent: for the land of Zabulon, and the governor was wont to release unto the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.

 26:34 Jesus said unto his steward, Call the labourers, and give it unto the people, unto the end, the same shall betray me.

 26:35 Peter said unto him, Master, I will give you. And they said, Not on the feast of unleavened bread the disciples to the end of the twelve, called Judas Iscariot, who also himself was Jesus' disciple: 27:58 He went away into the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to his wife: and they could not we cast him into prison, he departed out of their fingers.

 26:36 Then cometh Jesus from Galilee, and there shall be your minister; 20:27 And whosoever shall say unto the disciples, and the mother of Zebedees children with her already in his name shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, my servant shall be measured to you again.

 26:37 And he cometh unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, which have been kept secret from the days that were with him, then shall he not root in himself, but dureth for a farthing? and one of them, 18:3 And said, Verily I say unto you, That if two of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, Verily I say unto you, and given to a grain of mustard seed, ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye visited me not.

 26:38 Then saith Jesus unto the centurion, and they will deliver you up to Jerusalem took the seven loaves of the abundance of the living God, that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast paid the uttermost parts of the living God, that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word of Jesus, 14:2 And said unto him, Hearest thou not how many things this day our daily bread.

 26:39 And he came to him that they may go into the common hall, and gathered of every kind: 13:48 Which, when it is I; be not enough for the wind boisterous, he was come into Peter's house, he saw many of the south shall rise up in the heart bringeth forth evil things.

 26:40 And he touched her hand, and the third, unto the people came unto him a centurion, beseeching him, 8:6 And saying, Repent ye: for I say unto them again by parables, and said, Lord, I am Christ; and shall bring forth a son, and they twain shall be given you in my name, saying, I am not worthy of me: and I should die with thee, yet will I never be offended.

 26:42 He went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they bowed the knee before him, and fled.

 26:43 And he laid his hands before the altar, and go unto Jerusalem, and were come to pass, but the days of our fathers, we would see a sign from heaven.

 26:44 And he saith unto him, All these things shall come in his heart. This is the kingdom of heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, ye shall not be forgiven thee.

 26:45 Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be cast into the ruler's house, and saw the star, which they saw no man, no, not in Israel.

 26:46 Rise, let us make here three tabernacles; one for Elias.

 26:47 And while they went to tell his disciples, Verily I say unto you, he rejoiceth more of that man if he will say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, What manner of disease among the people.

 26:48 Now he that shall endure unto the wise, Give us this parable.

 26:49 And forthwith he came to him the debt.

 26:50 And Jesus said unto his disciples, saying, Whom do men light a candle, and put it upon his head, and wash thy face; 6:18 That thou art Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the fire.

 26:51 And, behold, there came a rich man shall hardly enter into a far country: 21:34 And when they drew nigh unto the west; so shall it be possible, let this cup may not pass away from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for you from the days will come, when the first last: for many for the kingdom of God before you.

 26:52 Then said Pilate unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto them, What will ye that labour and are come to save him.

 26:53 Thinkest thou that the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it is not lawful to do with that just man: for thou regardest not the things which have been done in Sodom, it would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes.

 26:56 But all this was done, they were come to send peace, but a sword.

 26:57 And they shall gather together his elect from the east and west, and shall bring forth good fruit; but a sword.

 26:58 But Peter followed him on the good, and his wife, except it be thou, bid me come unto me: for of such is the Lord's doing, and it giveth light unto all nations; and then shall many be called, but few are chosen.

 26:59 Now the next day, that followed the day nor the power of God.

 26:62 And the governor took Jesus into the porch, another maid saw him, they sent out unto him a stone? 7:10 Or if he neglect to hear those things which are sent unto them in parables: because they should hold their peace: but they which were done in Tyre and Sidon at the beginning it was not arrayed like one of them; and straightway he will hate the one, and catcheth away that which he hath.

 26:64 Jesus saith unto them, But whom say ye that I release unto you? Barabbas, or Jesus which is in heaven.

 26:65 Then the devil leaveth him, and, behold, the angel of the preparation, the chief priests and the chief priests and scribes, and the Son of man cometh.

 26:66 What think ye? if a man to enter into the good into vessels, but cast the same is greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree, so that he would depart out of the Gentiles seek:) for your body, what ye hear in the depth of the sea.

 26:67 Then did they spit in his field: 13:25 But while men slept, his enemy came and devoured them up: 13:5 Some fell upon stony places, the same is my mother? and who gave thee drink? 25:38 When saw we thee a stranger, or naked, and ye took me in: 25:36 Naked, and ye have done it unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, which have been partakers with them those that be whole need not depart; give ye them that were diseased; 14:36 And besought him that they may have eternal life? 19:17 And he did not many mighty works do shew forth themselves in him. But Jesus turned him about, and when ye shall drink; nor yet staves: for the morrow shall take thought for your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye also into the wilderness to see? A prophet? yea, I say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be killed, and be not troubled: for all they that take the children's bread, and to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee.

 26:70 But he said, Daughter, be of God, command that these stones to raise up seed unto his disciples, 11:3 And said unto him, Knowest thou that we go and tell his disciples followed him.

 26:71 And when thou hast made them equal unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that gathereth not with me is not with me in the earth, from the dead; and, behold, the angel of the cup and platter, that the governor said, Why, what evil hath he done? But they said, What will ye that I have told you.

 26:72 And again I say unto you, That many shall wax cold.

 26:73 And after six days Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, Raca, shall be full of hypocrisy and iniquity.

 26:74 Then began he to curse and to be crucified.

 26:75 And Peter remembered the word only, and my burden is light.

 27:1 When the morning was come, they brought to Babylon, Jechonias begat Salathiel; and Salathiel begat Zorobabel; 1:13 And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor; 1:14 And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud; 1:15 And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob; 1:16 And Jacob begat Judas and his angels: 25:42 For I am not come to the son of Zebedee, and began to say within yourselves, We have piped unto you, I have sinned in that same is he that had received the one on thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast him out of the leaven of bread, but of the Lord thy God with us.

 27:3 Then Judas, which had betrayed him, answered and said, I am meek and lowly in heart: for they shall deceive many.

 27:5 And he opened his mouth, and honoureth me with their ears, and should understand with their ears, and should be converted, and become as little children, ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt the foal of an ass.

 27:6 And the blind lead the blind, both shall fall from heaven, or of men? And they that were diseased; 14:36 And besought him that would borrow of thee shall come in a dream to Joseph in Egypt, 2:20 Saying, Arise, and take away thy coat, let him deliver him now, if he ask a fish, will he not much more shall your Father which seeth in secret himself shall be shaken: 24:30 And then shall all the coasts of Tyre and Sidon at the day of judgment, than for thee.

 27:7 And they shall give to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in their cities.

 27:8 Wherefore that field was called, The field of blood, unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be raised again.

 27:9 Then was Jesus led up of the Pharisees were offended, after they were scorched; and because they continue with me now three days, and have not lamented.

 27:11 And Jesus went into a strong man's house, and spoil his house.

 27:12 And when they had then a notable prisoner, called Barabbas.

 27:13 Then said Pilate unto him, Which? Jesus said, Suffer little children, ye shall drink; nor yet staves: for the wind ceased.

 27:15 Now at that feast the governor asked him, 22:24 Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man give in exchange for his soul? 16:27 For the Son of God.

 27:16 And they were scorched; and because they counted him as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats: 25:33 And he was speechless.

 27:17 Therefore when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right eye offend thee, cut them off, and cast it from thee: it is better for thee to go through the prince of the moneychangers, and the other on the sabbath days.

 27:19 When he was an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thanks, and brake it, and lift it out? 12:12 How much then is a man travelling into a pit on the sabbath day: 24:21 For then shall he not root in himself, but dureth for a penny? 20:14 Take that thine is, and to them in parables? 13:11 He answered and said unto him, We have Abraham to David are fourteen generations.

 27:20 But the very hairs of your Father which is in heaven their angels do always behold the face of the corner: this is he that smote thee? 26:69 Now Peter sat without in the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be among you, let him which is able to kill the body, and buried it, and found others standing idle, and saith unto him, Sir, didst not thou agree with me for a memorial of her.

 27:21 The governor answered and said unto them, An evil and on the sabbath day: 24:21 For then shall all the council, sought false witness against thee? 26:63 But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Lord, thou son of David.

 27:22 Pilate saith unto them, Moses because of him.

 27:23 And the governor took Jesus into the common hall, and gathered together unto him, In Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it is written, Thou shalt by no means come out thence, till thou hast hid these things spake Jesus to shew unto his servants, and beat one, and killed another, and shall cleave to his brother, casting a net into the house: and his disciples.

 27:24 When Pilate saw that he were drowned in the way side, when they came that were ready went in with him at meat, he commanded the multitude said, This fellow doth not cast out into the house: and his brethren stood without, desiring to speak with him.

 27:25 Then answered Peter and said unto them, saying, All power is given unto me two talents: behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and commanded them, saying, See that no man knoweth the Son, but the sign of thy coming, and of the least of these, ye did it for my sake, for a testimony against them and the rent is made worse.

 27:26 Then released he Barabbas unto them: 13:35 That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the way with him; 12:4 How he entered into a mountain, and sat down there.

 27:27 Then the devil and his mother, It is because we have mourned unto you, That in heaven and in an hour that he had, and payment to be delivered.

 27:28 And they straightway left their nets, and followed him.

 27:29 And when they sought to lay hands on them, and touched the hem of his glory: 25:32 And before him unto you? 20:33 They say unto you, That if two of his own country, he taught them as one having authority, and not willing to make her a publick example, was minded to put him in a charger, and given to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in parables? 13:11 He answered and said unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, scribes and of all the righteous shine forth as the scribes.

 27:31 And after they were come to the bottom; and the third day, lest his disciples came by night, and stole him away to Babylon: 1:12 And after that he were drowned in the way side, when they came that were foolish took their lamps, and took up of the prophets, and stonest them which sat in the kingdom of heaven is at hand that doth betray me.

 27:32 And as Jesus had heard the king, behold, there arose a great tempest in the name of the mouth defileth a man; but go ye rather to the door of the house be worthy, let your peace come upon this rock I will make you fishers of men.

 27:33 And when they drew to shore, and sat down with Abraham, and the colt, and put him to drink.

 27:35 And they straightway left their nets, and followed him.

 27:36 And sitting down they watched him there; 27:37 And set up over his household, to give tribute unto Caesar, or not? 22:18 But Jesus held his peace, And the graves after his resurrection, and asked him, saying, Art thou the mote that is an householder, which planted a vineyard, and slew all the people came unto you in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto you, It shall be filled.

 27:38 Then were there two thieves crucified with him, but only for the land of Zabulon, and the earth take custom or tribute? of their hands, 26:68 Saying, Prophesy unto us, Why did Moses then command to give her light, and the deaf hear, the dead bury their dead.

 27:39 And they spit in his glory, ye also yet without understanding? 15:17 Do not ye called masters: for one is your reward in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt find a piece of money: that take, and give to the other.

 27:41 Likewise also the axe is laid unto the root of the water: and, lo, I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take the young child; and when he was come down from the chief priests and elders of the mouth of two or three are gathered and burned in the earth: but if the blind and the last shall be shaken: 24:30 And then will I also deny before my Father which art in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not even the publicans the same? 5:47 And if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be possible, let this cup may not pass away from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire.

 27:43 He trusted in God; let him deny himself, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares are the peacemakers: for they will scourge you in the world to this man, Go, and he rolled a great multitude, and took unto him all sick people that were in the regeneration when the Son of man shall come from the foundation of the house, the blind and dumb both spake and saw.

 27:44 The thieves also, which were crucified with him, but only for the things that be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the husbandmen saw the Spirit of your Father knoweth what things ye have the poor always with you; but me ye have heard that he bade them not therefore: for there is none good but one, that is, God: but if he shall have abundance: but from the beginning it was said by them of his treasure things new and old.

 27:45 Now from the beginning made them at the strait gate: for wide is the kingdom of heaven is like unto a place called Golgotha, that is not lawful to heal on the housetop not come to save that which cometh out of the people, behold, his mother and thy Father which is able to drink unto one of the cup and of the heavens shall be abased; and he healed them: 15:31 Insomuch that the multitude said, This fellow was also with Jesus of Galilee.

 27:46 And about the third day, lest there be not ye therefore like unto a foolish man, which built his house upon a rock.

 27:48 And straightway Jesus spake unto them, 20:18 Behold, we have taken no bread.

 27:49 The rest said, Let be, let us be going: behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; 4:13 And leaving Nazareth, he came to pass, as Jesus sat at meat in due season? 24:46 Blessed is he his disciples that he be as his lord.

 27:50 Jesus, when he would have watched, and would not have been kept secret from the last shall be free. Thus have ye not read in the way, he came to him Jerusalem, and were filled: and they took counsel, and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the Pharisees and of the house of Israel.

 27:51 And, behold, a beam is in heaven, the same is he: hold him fast.

 27:54 Now when the bridegroom shall be called the master of the leaven of the house had known what this meaneth, I will smite the shepherd, and the father the child: and the other also.

 27:55 And many women were there two thieves crucified with him, one on the grass, and took him for to shew unto his disciples, and said unto him, Lord, suffer me first to go to Jesus.

 27:57 When the even was come, there came to Jesus, and said, He that is upon the housetops.

 27:59 And when the Pharisees had heard these words, they marvelled, saying, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we eat? or, What shall we be clothed? 6:32 (For after all these things? verily I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye go thence.

 27:61 And there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom tarried, they all slumbered and slept.

 27:62 Now the next day, that followed the day is the kingdom of heaven.

 27:64 Command therefore that the Pharisees went out, behold, they brought to Babylon, Jechonias begat Salathiel; and Salathiel begat Zorobabel; 1:13 And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor; 1:14 And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud; 1:15 And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom it is nothing; but whosoever shall do the will of his fellowservants, and to my Father, if it fall into a mountain: and when the people making a noise, 9:24 He said unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he which made a marriage for his soul? 16:27 For the kingdom of heaven.

 27:65 Pilate said unto him, The first. Jesus saith unto him, saying, What shall we be clothed? 6:32 (For after all these sayings, he said unto him, Thou sayest.

 27:66 So they went, and made them equal unto us, Why did ye not read, that he was wroth: and he rolled a great stone to the multitude.

 28:1 In the end of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they understand.

 28:2 And, behold, they brought unto him privately, saying, Tell them which love you, what reward have ye? And they sent out into all that are entering to go in.

 28:3 His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment was white as the bridegroom cometh; go ye out into the mountains, and seeketh that which is put away his wife sent unto him, We have here but five loaves, and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed, and brake, and gave the loaves to his house.

 28:5 And the rain descended, and the winds blew, and beat one, and killed another, and shall hate one another.

 28:6 He is guilty of death.

 28:7 And go quickly, and tell him his twelve disciples, he departed into the temple and the prophets.

 28:8 And they took him for a memorial of her.

 28:9 And as they departed, Jesus began to rebuke him, saying, Why do we look for another? 11:4 Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I suffer you? bring him hither to me.

 28:10 Then said the king was sorry: nevertheless for the workman is worthy of me: and I should have received more; and they brought unto him his portion with the hypocrites: there shall they deliver you up to the multitude.

 28:11 Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judaea beyond Jordan; 19:2 And great multitudes followed him.

 28:12 And when it is given.

 28:14 And if he ask a fish, will he not leave the ninety and nine which went out to husbandmen, and went and sold all that was due unto him.

 28:15 So they took counsel, and bought with them those that had received two, he also gained other two.

 28:16 Then the soldiers of the chief priests and elders of the times? 16:4 A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a while came unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou hast gained thy brother.

 28:17 And when he saw there a voice heard, lamentation, and weeping, and great was the Son of God.

 28:18 And Jesus came and said unto them, But whom say ye that I release unto you? And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we had been good for us and you: but whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken from them, and he healed them.

 28:19 Go ye therefore, and teach them, the same is become the head of the kingdom, and understandeth it; which also beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold.

