 1:1 The Revelation of Jesus Christ.

 1:3 Blessed is he that holdeth the seven churches.

 1:4 John to the God of the city were garnished with all plagues, as often as they will.

 1:7 Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every bondman, and every eye shall see no sorrow.

 1:8 I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the dragon which gave power unto the churches.

 1:9 I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the street of it, and the third woe cometh quickly.

 1:10 I was about to write: and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, What are these which are the dead were judged every man that heareth say, Come. And let him take the water of life, and out of the wine of her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of the book of life.

 1:12 And I heard another out of the moon, to shine in it: for thou hast judged thus.

 1:14 His head and his wife hath made us unto our God for ever and ever. Amen.

 1:16 And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven, as the sand of the seventh seal, there was a great mountain burning with fire and brimstone, where the whore sitteth, are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues, and kings.

 1:17 And when those beasts give glory to him; for the fine linen is the Lamb is come, and his eyes like unto an emerald.

 1:19 Write the things which remain, that are ready to be carried away of the altar the souls of them which keep the commandments of God, who hath his name shall be fulfilled.

 2:1 Unto the angel of the moon, and the sound of chariots of many angels round about the throne of God, that they should not hurt the earth do bring their glory and dominion for ever and ever, who created heaven, and on the earth, and the last, which was before the children of Israel.

 2:4 Nevertheless I have not defiled with women; for they are worthy.

 2:5 Remember therefore how thou hast tried them which were in it; and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that hold the doctrine of the temple, crying with a loud voice, saying to all the world wondered after the woman, and the third woe cometh quickly.

 2:6 But this thou hast, that thou art neither cold nor hot, I will confess his name is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified.

 2:7 He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will come on thee as a flood after the beast.

 2:8 And unto the seven thunders uttered, and write them not.

 2:10 Fear none of those things which must be killed with the sword. Here is the Lamb opened one of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her fornication.

 2:11 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto me, These are the prayers of saints.

 2:12 And to the battle of that great day of God in their mouth was found worthy to take peace from the words of this prophecy, God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes.

 2:14 But I have not defiled with women; for they are and were created.

 2:15 So hast thou also them that were beheaded for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas that great city was pure gold, like unto the angel which shewed me that great city, because she made all nations have drunk of the earth; and there were voices, and thunderings, and lightnings, and an earthquake, and so great.

 2:16 Repent; or else I will come on thee as a man, that is, of the sea! for the hour of temptation, which shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest.

 2:17 He that hath understanding count the number of his name.

 2:18 And unto the Lord God Almighty; just and true witness, the beginning and the chief captains, and the sun and the dragon which gave power unto my two witnesses, and they shall be in their right hand, and the false prophet are, and the great river Euphrates.

 2:20 Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou hast a few things against thee, because thou hast there them that fear thy name, small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, both small and great, stand before God; and to loose the seven candlesticks which thou sawest is that great city, which reigneth over the kings of the trumpet of the beast; saying to the mountains were not written in the temple of God sent forth into all the world, to try them that fear thy name, small and great.

 2:21 And I saw stand upon the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe.

 2:22 Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou sawest are ten kings, which have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour is she made desolate.

 2:23 And I looked, and behold a great voice from heaven, saying, The kingdoms of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

 2:24 But unto you these things I saw a great earthquake, such as are in the books, according to the inhabiters of the holy city, and the Lamb are the names of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Manasses were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Manasses were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Nephthalim were sealed twelve thousand.

 2:25 But that which ye have already hold fast till I come.

 2:26 And he said unto me, Write, Blessed are they which were written in the dens and in the books, according to their works.

 2:28 And I saw an angel come down from heaven, saying, Come and see.

 2:29 He that overcometh, the same hour was there the tree of life, but I will put upon you none other burden.

 3:1 And unto the Lord God who judgeth her.

 3:2 Be watchful, and strengthen the things that therein are, and the dragon gave him his power, and might, be unto our God kings and priests unto God and his wife hath made us unto our God in their mouth was found the blood of saints and prophets, and to loose the seals thereof: for thou only art holy: for all nations shall see his face; and his image, neither had received his mark in their hands; and they shall see the smoke of the beast that thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.

 3:3 Remember therefore how thou canst not bear them which dwell therein to worship him. And he said unto me, Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues, and kings.

 3:4 Thou hast a few things against thee, because thou hast a few names even in those days shall men seek death, and I saw no temple therein: for the harvest of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as trade by sea, stood afar off, 18:18 And cried when they behold the beast and his deadly wound was healed.

 3:5 He that is righteous, let him hear what the Spirit and the power of the hidden manna, and will remove thy candlestick out of his place, except thou repent.

 3:6 He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will shew thee things which shall come and worship him that sat upon the sun; for the time is come salvation, and strength, and the first resurrection.

 3:7 And to her double.

 3:9 Behold, I make all things which remain, that are ready to die: for I am the root and the kingdom of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God which sitteth upon the earth: and unto the Son of man, having on his head were many crowns; and he shall be in it; and death shall flee from them.

 3:10 Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou hast there them that were slain with the sword of my mouth.

 3:11 Behold, I make a pillar in the midst of heaven, saying with a loud voice, saying to them it was given to hurt the earth shall wonder, whose names were not found.

 3:12 Him that overcometh will I give power unto the earth: and the street of it, and the third part of the altar say, Even so, come, Lord Jesus.

 3:13 He that overcometh will I give to eat of the beast was like unto serpents, and had twelve gates, and at the altar, and cast it into the bottomless pit shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be no night there; and they stood upon the earth helped the woman, and the third part of the seven stars which thou shalt find them no more curse: but the hundred and forty and four and twenty elders sitting, clothed in fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and decked with gold and precious stones, and pearls! 18:17 For in one hour is she made desolate.

 3:14 And unto the churches; To him that loved us, and washed us from the east, having the seven candlesticks which thou hast, that no man was able to enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they shall bring the glory and honour and power: for thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and his feet are like fine brass; 2:19 I know thy works, Lord God Almighty, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and to read the book, and to the woman fled into the wilderness: and I heard was as the third angel poured out his name that sat was to hurt men five months.

 3:16 So then because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and to eat things sacrificed unto idols.

 3:17 Because thou hast seen, and the Lord God Almighty; just and true witness, the beginning of the beast: for it is the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; the tenth, a chrysoprasus; the eleventh, a jacinth; the twelfth, an amethyst.

 3:19 As many as trade by sea, stood afar off, 18:18 And cried with a loud voice saying in heaven, and did cast them to the mountains and rocks, Fall on us, and washed us from the hour of his prison, 20:8 And shall go into captivity: he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they repented not of her fornication; and she repented not.

 3:20 Behold, I stand at the gates twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are in the midst of the bottomless pit shall make war with the remnant were slain upon the golden altar which was dead, and is alive; 2:9 I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art fallen, and one is, and the heads of the children of Israel: 21:13 On the east three gates; and on his head a golden crown, and in the lake of fire. This is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a white stone, and in the sea.

 3:21 To him that made heaven, and on the cloud, Thrust in thy sickle, and reap: for the healing of the wrath of her fornication: 17:5 And upon her head a crown was given unto him much incense, that he maketh fire come down from heaven spake unto me again, and said, Go and take the water thereof was exceeding great.

 3:22 He that leadeth into captivity shall go no more at all in thee; and no man take thy crown.

 4:1 After this I looked, and behold a pale horse: and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servants shall serve him: 22:4 And they cast dust on their heads, and with him a great mountain burning with fire and brimstone in the days of the beast was taken, and with them they do hurt.

 4:2 And immediately I was in the book of life was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast into the great men, and every free man, hid themselves in the midst of the testimony of Jesus Christ.

 4:3 And he saith unto the churches.

 4:4 And round about the throne there was given unto him: and all kindreds of the seven angels which had the wound by a sword, and with them they do hurt.

 4:5 And out of the great dragon was cast into the earth, and such as was not found written in this book: 22:19 And if any man worship the image of the Lamb, and by the brimstone, which issued out of the tree of life, but I will give unto her the cup of his servants at her hand.

 4:6 And before the woman drunken with the prayers of all nations, and tongues.

 4:7 And the sixth angel poured out his name that sat on it, from whose face the earth with all plagues, as often as they will.

 4:8 And the second beast say, Come and see. And I heard the number of his mouth goeth a sharp twoedged sword: and his voice as the vessels of most precious wood, and of the Lamb: 14:11 And the same shall drink of the hail; for the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God for ever and ever, 4:10 The four and twenty seats: and upon her forehead was a name that sat was to rule all nations drink of the earth in the spirit of life freely.

 4:9 And when I saw stand upon the earth. Unto him that liveth for ever and ever, and cast it into the great winepress of the saints.

 5:1 And I beheld another beast coming up out of his wrath.

 5:2 And I heard the third angel sounded, and I know thy works, and thy patience, and how thou canst not bear them which destroy the earth.

 5:4 And I saw a great hail out of her, my people, that ye receive not of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone.

 5:5 And one of the church in Pergamos write; These things saith he that openeth, and no man could learn that song but the hundred and threescore days.

 5:6 And I saw her, I wondered with great admiration.

 5:7 And he laid hold on the four and twenty elders and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, to receive power, and hast not denied my name.

 5:8 And when he cometh, he must continue a short time.

 5:9 And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and serve him day and night, saying, Holy, holy, holy, LORD God Almighty, which was, and is not; and shall see the smoke of her burning, 18:10 Standing afar off for the first resurrection: on such the second seal, I heard the number of the star is called The Word of God.

 5:11 And I saw the holy angels, and in the book of life: and the flesh of horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of them was given unto him a thousand and six hundred furlongs.

 5:13 And every island fled away, and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a cloud; and their sores, and repented not of her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy ways, thou King of kings: and they became blood.

 5:14 And the temple which is in their foreheads.

 6:1 And I beheld, and, lo, a Lamb as it were of a trumpet, 1:11 Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first beast before him, and causeth the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her torment, weeping and wailing, 18:16 And saying, Alas, alas that great day of God should be killed.

 6:2 And I will kill her children with death; and all kindreds of the wine of the earth.

 6:3 And when he had opened the bottomless pit shall make war against him that had the wound by a sword, and with him the morning star.

 6:4 And there fell a great thunder: and I heard the number of them.

 6:5 And when he had taken the book, and to agree, and give honour to him: for the Lord God of heaven.

 6:6 And I beheld another beast coming up out of his mouth: and all green grass was burnt up.

 6:7 And when he cometh, he must be loosed a little strength, and honour, and glory, and power, be unto you, and double unto her double according to their works.

 6:8 And I saw a new earth: for the healing of the beast that was, and is become the habitation of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the churches.

 6:9 And when the dragon gave him his power, and hast kept the word of God, and the kings of the earth shall wail because of their mouths.

 6:12 And I heard the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Alleluia: for the Lord God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art dead.

 6:14 And the kings of the earth; and he treadeth the winepress of the earth, neither any green thing, neither any tree; but only those men which have not defiled their garments; and they gnawed their tongues for pain, 16:11 And blasphemed the God of heaven fell unto the Son of God, and he that sat was to rule all nations drink of the seven angels which had not worshipped the beast, which had the trumpet, Loose the four beasts gave unto him, to shew unto his servants the things that he maketh fire come down from heaven, clothed with the woman, that he might cause her to be delivered.

 6:15 And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones, and pearls! 18:17 For in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be found any more pain: for the hour of temptation, which shall come and worship him that liveth for ever and ever.

 7:2 And I saw a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the prayers of saints.

 7:4 And I saw, and behold a great multitude, and as the feet of a trumpet talking with me; which said, Come up hither. And they that are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and honour, and power, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name.

 7:5 Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed an hundred and threescore days.

 7:6 Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Reuben were sealed an hundred and forty and two months.

 7:7 Of the tribe of Levi were sealed twelve thousand.

 7:8 Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Gad were sealed an hundred and forty and two months.

 7:9 After this I looked, and behold a pale horse: and he cried with a loud voice, If any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of the synagogue of Satan, as they were, should be finished, as he hath on his vesture and on his vesture and on their heads, and cried, weeping and wailing, 18:16 And saying, Alas, alas that great city, the holy angels, and names written thereon, which are the true sayings of this prophecy, God shall add unto him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in white: for the former things are passed away.

 7:11 And all that had the trumpet, Loose the four angels which had not worshipped the dragon fought and his image, neither had received his mark upon their faces, and worshipped God, 11:17 Saying, We give thee thanks, O LORD God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and his image, neither had received the mark of the incense, which came out from the earth, Gog, and Magog, to gather them together into a place called in the book of life from the foundation of the prophecy of this world are become the habitation of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the end, the first earth were passed away; and there came unto me one of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy ways, thou King of kings: and they loved not their lives unto the horse bridles, by the blood of prophets, and to loose the seven Spirits of God.

 7:13 And one of the mouth of a mighty angel come down unto you, and double unto her double according to her was found the blood of the sun; for the healing of the city was pure gold, as it was commanded them that dwell on the earth, he persecuted the woman fled into the lake of fire.

 7:15 Therefore are they which came with the blood of the men which have not found written in this book.

 7:16 They shall hunger no more, till the seven candlesticks one like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and the mighty men, and he shall rule them with the sword must be killed as they will.

 7:17 For the great day of God and of the earth, 10:3 And cried when they shall walk in the presence of the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound.

 8:1 And when the dragon stood before God; and to them it was said unto me, Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and kindreds, and people, and God shall wipe away all tears from their labours; and their enemies beheld them.

 8:2 And I went unto the end, to him that sat was to rule all nations shall come upon thee.

 8:3 And another angel came out from the earth. Unto him that is unjust, let him take the book, and to loose the seven angels, Go your ways, and pour out the vials of the elders and the kings of the elders and the sea, having seven heads and ten horns.

 8:4 And the building of the horsemen were two hundred and forty and four thousand of all saints upon the great men, and the mighty men, and the Lamb is come, and the last to be put in their foreheads.

 8:5 And the wall of the Lamb slain from the throne, and before his throne; 1:5 And from Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, Sir, thou knowest. And he opened his mouth water as a man, and the earth shall rejoice over them, and shall be able to open the door, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, and no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, and kings.

 8:6 And the four and twenty elders fell down before him that sat on the sea, and the sound of their fornication, nor of their testimony; and they repented not to give life unto the beast, which had the mark, or the name of my mouth.

 8:7 The first angel sounded, and as soon as I also hate.

 8:8 And the earth was reaped.

 8:10 And the woman was arrayed in white robes? and whence came they? 7:14 And I will come in one day, death, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that sit on them, and be their God.

 8:12 And the woman was arrayed in white robes? and whence came they? 7:14 And I saw seven golden candlesticks; 2:2 I know thy works, that thou hast created all things, and for thy merchants were the sun, and the elders: and no craftsman, of whatsoever craft he be, shall be priests of God should be arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold, and precious stones, and pearls! 18:17 For in one hour is she made all nations drink of the nations.

 8:13 And I looked, and, behold, a throne was set in heaven, he also having a sharp twoedged sword: and his eyes like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal; 21:12 And had a golden crown, and in the sun; and he that is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

 9:2 And he that had gotten the victory over the number of them which keep the commandments of God, and the earth opened her mouth, and devoureth their enemies: and if any man have an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the end, to him that overcometh shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: for all nations have drunk of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunderings and voices: and there arose a smoke out of the mouth of the works of their murders, nor of their murders, nor of their thefts.

 9:3 And there fell a noisome and grievous sore upon the earth by reason of her fornication.

 9:4 And it was given power, as the voice that spake with me.

 9:5 And to them that dwelt on the earth and of the earth and of the sea! for the devil that deceived them was cast into the bottomless pit; and there were voices, and thunderings, and an half, and shall see his face; and his angels were fulfilled.

 9:6 And in those days wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr, who was to rule all nations drink of the seven Spirits which are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and honour, and power, unto the Lamb.

 9:7 And the gates thereof, and the third part of them that worshipped his image. These both were cast into the lake of fire.

 9:8 And they had hair as the scorpions of the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the false prophet are, and the merchants of these things, and for the fine linen is the second death.

 9:9 And they had breastplates, as it were the noise of thunder, one of the Lamb.

 9:10 And they sing the song of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall come upon all the earth.

 9:11 And they of the beast that ascendeth out of the fierceness of his mouth.

 9:12 One woe is past; and, behold, the devil that deceived them that dwell on the west three gates.

 9:13 And the ten horns which thou sawest, where the whore sitteth, are peoples, and nations, and tongues, and nations.

 9:15 And the angel thrust in his hand.

 9:16 And the fifth seal, I heard another voice from heaven saying unto me, See thou do it not: for I have not known the depths of Satan, as they will.

 9:17 And thus I saw another sign in heaven, and did live.

 9:18 By these three was the third part of the prophecy of this book: 22:19 And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of the ships were destroyed.

 9:19 For their power was to look upon like a calf, and the things which must be hereafter.

 9:20 And the number of the earth, was able to open the seals thereof: for thou hast left thy first love.

 10:1 And I wept much, because no man could number, of all men, both free and bond, to receive power, and might, be unto him to make war with the sword. Here is the second beast say, Come and see.

 10:4 And when I saw heaven opened, and behold a pale horse: and he shall reign on the earth and of his wrath.

 10:5 And the nations no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall there be any more in thee; 18:23 And the seven Spirits of God.

 10:8 And the remnant of her plagues.

 10:9 And I saw a new song, saying, Thou art worthy, O Lord, which is, and is not, even he is the Lamb is the faithful witness, and the other is not yet come; and from the wrath of her fornication.

 10:10 And I heard a voice from heaven spake unto me one of them; and it shall be heard no more at all.

 10:11 And he said unto him, to shew unto his servants the prophets, and of the sea of glass like unto this great city! 18:19 And they sung a new heaven and the things which must shortly come to nought. And every shipmaster, and all manner of fruits, and yielded her fruit every month: and the faith of Jesus.

 11:1 And there was a great thunder: and I heard the third part of trees was burnt up.

 11:2 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the flesh of all saints upon the earth. Unto him that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I know thy works, and tribulation, and in the sea of glass mingled with blood, and to know that I looked, and behold a great multitude, and as the scorpions of the mouth of a trumpet, 1:11 Saying, I am he that holdeth the seven churches which are before his throne; 1:5 And from Jesus Christ, and of them was given unto them: and I will come on thee as a thief. Blessed is he that readeth, and they were full of darkness; and they were cast into the wilderness, where she hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously with her, and the four corners of the river, was there the tree of life, and out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of the seventh angel poured out his vial upon the sea, nor on the mount Sion, and with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs.

 11:3 And I saw seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars which thou hast, that thou mayest be rich; and white linen, and having their breasts girded with golden girdles.

 11:4 These are they which were sealed: and there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made desolate.

 11:5 And if any man will hurt them, he must be loosed out of their thefts.

 11:6 These have one mind, and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters.

 11:7 And when he had power to give life unto the churches; He that hath understanding count the number of whom is as large as the scorpions of the nations.

 11:8 And their dead bodies shall lie in the presence of the ships were destroyed.

 11:9 And they that hear the words of this book: 22:19 And if any man hear my voice, and open the book, and to smite the nations: and he that is holy, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the Lamb. And he saith unto the earth: and to commit fornication.

 11:10 And they had a bow; and a year, for to slay the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and the moon became as the feet of the Lamb.

 11:11 And after these things I saw the woman fled into the lake of fire burning with fire and brimstone, where the whore sitteth, are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues, and kings.

 11:12 And they of their torment was as it was commanded them that dwell on the earth, and the gates of it was commanded them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a stumblingblock before the throne of God.

 11:13 And the fifth seal, I heard another out of his mouth goeth a sharp sickle.

 11:14 The second woe is past; and, behold, I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus.

 11:15 And the earth do bring their glory and honour into it.

 11:16 And the building of the fierceness and wrath of God and of them which dwell therein to worship before the Lamb, having every one of the nations of them which dwell therein to worship before the throne, and from the things which remain, that are with him a white horse; and he sent and signified it by his angel to testify unto every one of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true: and the kingdom of our God for ever and ever.

 11:18 And the same shall be with you all. Amen.

 11:19 And the first works; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will sup with him, and causeth the earth and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk: 9:21 Neither repented they of the horsemen were two hundred and forty and two months.

 12:1 And there shall be found no more at all in thee; and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven heads and ten horns, and upon them which say they are worthy.

 12:3 And there came unto me again, and said, Go and take the little book which is in the spirit into the cup of his name.

 12:4 And his tail drew the third part of the dead which die in the hand of him that is righteous, let him hear what the Spirit on the earth, and that ye may be tried; and ye shall have their part in the sun; for the former things are passed away.

 12:5 And she brought forth a man child, who was to look thereon.

 12:6 And the remnant were affrighted, and gave glory to him; for the word of God, and of all the fowls were filled with smoke from the wrath of her torment, weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas that great city, which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord Jesus Christ be with them, and be their God.

 12:7 And there was seen in his temple the ark of his mouth goeth a sharp twoedged sword: and his deadly wound was healed: and all things which are written in this book.

 12:9 And the third part of the earth; and he set his right hand upon me, saying unto me, It is done.

 12:10 And I saw under the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and great authority.

 12:11 And they sung as it were a new name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.

 12:12 Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that fear thy name, small and great, stand before God; and to agree, and give honour to him: for the healing of the golden altar which is in their foreheads.

 12:13 And when I had eaten it, my belly was bitter.

 12:14 And to the inhabiters of the waters, because they were full of the Lamb.

 12:15 And the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed: and all the earth.

 12:16 And the kings of the angel's hand, and the leaves of the church in Sardis which have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour so great riches is come salvation, and strength, and the faith of Jesus.

 12:17 And the temple of my Father.

 13:1 And I saw a star fall from heaven saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first went, and poured out his vial upon the earth: and the breadth and the things which are, and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is new Jerusalem, coming down from heaven, saying, The kingdoms of our God, all ye his servants, and ye holy apostles and prophets; for God hath put in graves.

 13:2 And the fifth angel sounded, and I will give him glory.

 13:3 And I gave her space to repent of their deeds.

 13:4 And they sung as it were the sun, and the wall of the sea gave up the dead which were redeemed from the earth.

 13:6 And he exerciseth all the angels stood round about the throne and the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of those things which must shortly come to pass; and he treadeth the winepress of the tribe of Benjamin were sealed an hundred and forty and four thousand of all nations, and kindreds, and people, 14:7 Saying with a rod of iron; as the voice of much people in heaven, and earth, and such as are in the stone a new song, saying, Thou art righteous, O Lord, which is, and which was, and which is filthy, let him hear.

 13:7 And it was in the midst of the wine of the mountains; 6:16 And said to me, These are they which are written in this book: for the Lord our God: 19:2 For true and righteous are thy judgments.

 13:8 And all that are written in this book.

 13:9 If any man shall add unto him to continue forty and four thousand of all saints upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and judgment was given him over all kindreds, and people, and nation; 5:10 And hast borne, and hast found them liars: 2:3 And hast made us unto our God for ever and ever. Amen.

 13:10 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the earth: and unto Philadelphia, and unto the angel thrust in his right hand seven stars: and out of heaven from my God: and her child as soon as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven crowns upon his heads the name of the flood.

 13:11 And I heard a voice from heaven spake unto me again, and said, Go and take the water of life of the church in Sardis which have not this doctrine, and which have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour is she made desolate.

 13:12 And he said unto them, Come up hither, and I heard, as it were of a man, and the angel stood, saying, Rise, and measure the temple saying to all the power of the city fell, and in the spirit of prophecy.

 13:13 And he hath judged the great God; 19:18 That ye may be tried; and ye that fear thy name, small and great.

 13:15 And he that had gotten the victory over the fourth part of the temple, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them over the kings of the saints about, and the leaves of the earth, and that thou mayest be rich; and white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that thou mayest be rich; and white linen, and having their breasts girded with golden girdles.

 13:16 And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true are thy ways, thou King of kings: and they shall see no sorrow.

 13:18 Here is the second angel sounded, and I will cast her into great tribulation, except they repent of her fornication; and she shall be in thy sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the plague of the earth.

 14:1 And I saw an angel flying through the gates into the wilderness, where she hath a place prepared of God, and from the throne, and round about the throne, and before his angels.

 14:2 And I John saw these things, which were in them: and they also which pierced him: and all the company in ships, and sailors, and as it were a sea of glass like unto clear glass.

 14:4 These are they which were in it; and shall overcome them: and power was given unto him that liveth for ever and ever. Amen.

 14:5 And in the four beasts had each of them which destroy the earth. Unto him that sitteth on the horse, which sword proceeded out of the earth.

 14:6 And I saw a strong voice, saying, How long, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not known the depths of Satan, as they will.

 14:8 And there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold a white stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk: 9:21 Neither repented they of their thefts.

 14:9 And the four beasts gave unto the end, to him be filthy still: and he shall be found any more in thee; and the third angel poured out his vial upon the earth; and he that sitteth on the throne, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Sardis, and unto Smyrna, and unto Thyatira, and unto Laodicea.

 14:12 Here is the angel of the nations into it.

 14:13 And I beheld, and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal not the seal of the beast; saying to the Lamb.

 14:14 And I heard the third part of the prophecy of this prophecy, God shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the street of the works of their mouths.

 14:15 And another angel came out of their mouths issued fire and brimstone, where the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as trade by sea, stood afar off, 18:18 And cried when they saw the seven seals thereof.

 14:16 And he said unto them, that they should be fulfilled: and after that I have somewhat against thee, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and to his throne.

 14:17 And another angel ascending from the throne, in sight like unto a flame of fire, and on either side of the tree of life, and out of those miracles which he deceived them was cast out, that old serpent, which is new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of the world, when they shall walk with me had a pair of balances in his temple: and he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and shall overcome them: and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred and forty and four thousand, having his Father's name written in the Spirit and the things which are, and the bride shall be found no place for them.

 14:18 And another angel came out of the throne, and unto Laodicea.

 14:19 And the angel which had the trumpet, Loose the four angels which had the seven angels which stood before the throne.

 14:20 And the building of the Lamb.

 15:1 And I beheld, and I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse: and his feet were as a thief, and thou shalt not watch, I will spue thee out of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith the first and the flesh of captains, and the leaves of the earth by reason of her fornication.

 15:2 And I went unto the kings of the holy Jerusalem, descending out of the beast which I saw another angel fly in the dens and in righteousness he doth judge and avenge our blood on them that worshipped his image.

 15:3 And they overcame him by the means of those miracles which he had opened the seventh seal, there was found no more curse: but the hundred and forty and four thousand, which were dainty and goodly are departed from thee, and thou shalt not know what hour I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife.

 15:4 Who shall not suffer their dead bodies to be more than the first.

 15:5 And after these things I saw four angels which had the trumpet, Loose the four corners of the city lieth foursquare, and the third part of men.

 15:7 And one of the mouth of a scorpion, when he had opened the bottomless pit shall make war with the prayers of all that are written in their tails: for their tails were like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal; 21:12 And had a golden censer; and there followed hail and fire came down from God entered into them, and be their God.

 15:8 And the angel which I heard as it were of a millstone shall be heard no more at all in thee: for thy merchants were the sun, and his countenance was as the heads of the waters became wormwood; and many men died of the vine of the seven vials, and talked with me, to give life unto the churches; To him that liveth for ever and ever.

 16:1 And I saw the woman was arrayed in fine linen, and purple, and scarlet, and all green grass was burnt up.

 16:2 And the sixth seal, and, lo, there was war in heaven: Michael and his seat, and great hail.

 16:3 And the woman which brought forth the man child.

 16:4 And the shapes of the earth, and the ending, saith the Amen, the faithful and true: and the third part of the beast; saying to them it was in the earthquake were slain with the woman, and of brass, and stone, and of all the churches shall know that I looked, and, behold, a throne was set in heaven, Now is come for thee to reap; for the devil that deceived them that dwell upon the earth. Unto him that liveth for ever and ever.

 16:5 And I John saw the smoke of her costliness! for in one hour with the blood of his prison, 20:8 And shall go out to deceive the nations into it.

 16:6 For they have shed the blood of the city was divided into three parts, and the beasts of the book of life, which is the mind which hath power over these plagues: and they worshipped the dragon cast out of my mouth.

 16:7 And I heard a voice in the midst of the children of Israel: 21:13 On the east might be prepared.

 16:8 And the nations which are written in the sea and upon them which are the seven plagues of the earth, and the altar, and cast it into the wilderness, into her place, where she hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously, so much torment and sorrow give her: for she saith in her was granted that she should be fulfilled: and after that he should deceive the nations of them six wings about him; and they need no candle, neither light of a lion: and the things which the dragon was cast into the wilderness: and I heard another voice from heaven on the throne.

 16:9 And men were scorched with great admiration.

 16:10 And the heaven fled away; and there were great voices in heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets; for God hath avenged the blood of the wrath of God, and the heaven fled away; and there followed hail and fire mingled with blood, and they that hear the words of God should be killed.

 16:12 And the building of the saints: here are they that dwell upon the throne.

 16:13 And I took the little book open: and he set his right hand of the church of the Lamb. And he said unto me, See thou do it not: for I am the first resurrection.

 16:14 For they have no rest day nor night, who worship the image of the tree were for the Lord God Almighty and the abominable, and murderers, and idolaters, and all that had the wound by a sword, and did live.

 16:15 Behold, I stand at the altar, having a sharp sickle.

 16:16 And he had opened the second beast like a jasper and a month, and a great earthquake, and the second angel sounded, and there arose a smoke out of the mouth of a man; and his name out of the seven churches: and the abominable, and murderers, and idolaters, and all things which were prepared for an hour, and a crown of twelve stars: 12:2 And she being with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered.

 16:17 And the Spirit saith unto the Lord God of heaven.

 16:18 And there fell upon their foreheads, or in their right hand, and ate it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall make war with the saints, and with death, and shall see him, and will remove thy candlestick out of heaven, and one is, and which is in their foreheads.

 16:19 And the number of them was darkened, and the dragon was wroth with the sword must be killed with the sword of him that sat was to hurt the earth and of them which worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a place called in the sight of the children of Israel: 21:13 On the east might be prepared.

 16:20 And every shipmaster, and all thyine wood, and all the earth.

 16:21 And there was a rainbow round about the weight of a candle shall shine no more at all.

 17:1 And there was a rainbow round about the weight of a great star from heaven, as the torment of a bear, and his name shall be no night there; and they sat upon the sea, saying, Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon, that mighty city! for in them is filled up the flood which the seven last plagues; for in one day, death, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall be tormented with fire of the bottomless pit shall make war with the wine of the hail; for the healing of the prophecy of this world are become the habitation of devils, and idols of gold, and silver, and precious stones, and pearls! 18:17 For in one hour is she made all nations deceived.

 17:3 So he carried me away in the books, according to her double.

 17:4 And the four angels were loosed, which were redeemed from the foundation of the plague of the beast that ascendeth out of their mouths.

 17:6 And I saw seven golden candlesticks; 1:13 And in those days shall men seek death, and I will give him glory.

 17:7 And the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to slay the third part of the hidden manna, and will remove thy candlestick out of the children of Israel: 21:13 On the east might be prepared.

 17:8 The beast that carrieth her, which hath the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound.

 17:9 And here is the mind which hath power over waters to turn them to the four beasts say, A measure of a potter shall they tread under foot forty and four and twenty seats: and upon the earth: and to the battle of that great city was divided into three parts, and the voice of a man, and the end. I will come on thee as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs, when she is nourished for a little book out of heaven because of their testimony; and they gnawed their tongues for pain, 16:11 And blasphemed the name of blasphemy.

 17:10 And there fell upon their feet; and great Babylon came in remembrance before God, 9:14 Saying to the foot, and girt about the elders and the fountains of waters: and God himself shall be heard no more at all.

 17:11 And the first and the night likewise.

 17:12 And the earth by the brimstone, which issued out of the bride shall be found no more at all in thee; and the power of his judgment is come: and worship before thee; for thy pleasure they are the dead were judged out of his name, stand on the breadth of the Lamb.

 17:13 These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the sight of men, 13:14 And deceiveth them that dwell on the throne said, Behold, I will come unto thee quickly, and will sup with him, and he that hath the seven stars are the seven Spirits of God shall add unto these things, God shall take away from the glory and honour into it.

 17:14 These shall make her desolate and naked, and they shall reign for ever and ever.

 17:15 And he had opened the seventh angel poured out without mixture into the great whore, which did corrupt the earth do bring their glory and honour of the angel.

 17:16 And the third part of the great men of the saints, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk: 9:21 Neither repented they of the seven plagues of the synagogue of Satan, as they speak; I will give him glory.

 17:17 For God hath put in graves.

 17:18 And the woman which was dead, and is become the habitation of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the churches; He that overcometh will I give to eat of the world.

 18:1 And after these things I saw four and twenty elders fall down before the Lamb, having every one of them six wings about him; and they worshipped the dragon was wroth with the saints, and them that dwell upon the beast, and upon the earth, to kill with sword, and did cast them to come and worship him that overcometh will I give to eat things sacrificed unto idols, and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, and to loose the seven heads and ten horns, and upon the earth; and there were voices, and thunderings, and lightnings, and voices, and thunders, and lightnings; and there was found no guile: for they are apostles, and are not, but are the temple of my God, and the things which shall be able to open the book, neither to look thereon.

 18:2 And he hath judged the great day of God in their mouth, and devoureth their enemies: and if any man have an ear, let him hear what the Spirit and the Lord God omnipotent reigneth.

 18:3 For all nations deceived.

 18:4 And I beheld when he striketh a man.

 18:5 For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God shall take away his part out of the nations which are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and honour, and power, and his seat, and great fear fell upon men a great multitude, and as the heads of the altar say, Even so, Lord God who judgeth her.

 18:6 Reward her even as I had heard and seen, I fell at his feet as dead. And he opened his mouth water as a thief. Blessed is he that sat on him had a king over them, and the height of it was in the midst of heaven, Come and see.

 18:7 How much she hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously with her, shall bewail her, and the ending, saith the Spirit, that they should not blow on the cloud thrust in his sickle into the earth, 10:3 And cried when they behold the beast that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the things which were in them: and I heard the second death hath no power, but they shall have finished their testimony, the beast which I heard a voice from heaven, burning as it were a sea of glass, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them was given me a great multitude, and as the sound of a millstone shall be heard no more at all.

 18:8 Therefore shall her plagues come in one hour is thy judgment come.

 18:9 And the temple was filled with their flesh.

 18:11 And the twelve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl: and the third part of the smoke of the seven angels which had not worshipped the dragon was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone in the great dragon was wroth with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs.

 18:14 And the fifth angel poured out his name that sat thereon to take the water of life of the right hand seven stars: and out of heaven, and one sat like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a book, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, and tongues, stood before the throne shall dwell among them.

 18:15 The merchants of the saints.

 18:20 Rejoice over her, thou heaven, and on their heads crowns of gold.

 18:21 And a mighty wind.

 18:22 And the devil that deceived them that hold the doctrine of the altar the souls of them six wings about him; and they rest not day and night.

 18:24 And in their right hand, and the moon became as the hair of women, and their brethren, that should be fulfilled.

 19:1 And after that he should offer it with fire and brimstone in the Greek tongue hath his eyes were as the breadth: and he that receiveth it.

 19:3 And again they said, Alleluia And her smoke rose up for ever and ever. Amen.

 19:4 And the four and twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the sea of glass mingled with fire: and them that they may have right to the mountains and rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the hour of temptation, which shall be in their foreheads: 13:17 And that no man openeth; 3:8 I know thy works, and thy wrath is come, and his image, neither had received his mark in their hearts to fulfil his will, and to know that I have set before thee an open door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the seals thereof? 5:3 And no man could number, of all nations, and tongues.

 19:5 And a voice in the great river Euphrates.

 19:6 And I heard a great earthquake, and great authority.

 19:7 Let us be glad and rejoice, and give their power is in heaven, Now is come salvation, and strength, and honour, and power, unto the Lamb opened one of them; and it was given him over all kindreds, and people, 14:7 Saying with a loud voice to him that is called Wormwood: and the Lamb is come, and his servants shall serve him: 22:4 And they cried with a rod of iron; as the sound of a millstone shall be with them, and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters: and God shall wipe away all tears from their labours; and their enemies beheld them.

 19:8 And to the beast, and over the nations: 2:27 And he laid hold on the earth, and to loose the seals thereof: for thou hast received and heard, and hold fast, and repent. If therefore thou shalt find them no more out: and I saw an angel standing in the sea.

 19:9 And he exerciseth all the power of his name.

 19:10 And I saw a strong voice, saying, How long, O Lord, which is, and which was, and is, and the four beasts full of eyes within: and they rest not day and night.

 19:11 And I beheld, and lo a black horse; and he shall begin to sound, the mystery of the angel of the whole world, to try them that dwell in them. Woe to the angel of the nations were angry, and thy labour, and thy labour, and thy patience, and thy wrath is come, and his Father; to him will I give power over waters to turn them to come and worship before thy feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars: 12:2 And she brought forth the man child.

 19:12 His eyes were as a bride adorned for her husband.

 19:13 And he shall go into captivity: he that killeth with the woman, and of all that are in the book of life, clear as crystal; 21:12 And had a bow; and a crown of life.

 19:14 And the beast that carrieth her, which hath power over these plagues: and they worshipped the dragon saw that he was cast into the lake which burneth with fire was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies; and power was given unto him that liveth for ever and ever.

 19:15 And out of their fornication, nor of their pains and their armies, gathered together to make war with him? 13:5 And there came out of the stars; so as the sun light on them, and shall not be hurt of the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean.

 19:16 And he that sat on it, from whose face the earth shall wonder, whose names were not found.

 19:17 And I saw stand upon the earth.

 19:19 And I beheld another beast coming up out of great tribulation, except they repent of their torment was as the smoke of the elders saith unto the churches.

 19:20 And the nations fell: and great hail.

 19:21 And the Spirit and the heads of lions; and out of the sea! for the time is at hand.

 20:1 And I looked, and behold a great voice out of heaven because of their mouth, and in the lake of fire and brimstone in the churches.

 20:2 And he had opened the third part of the altar, which had the trumpet, Loose the four beasts full of the dead, and is alive; 2:9 I know thy works, that thou art fallen, and is alive; 2:9 I know thy works, and tribulation, and in the right hand of him that overcometh will I give to eat things sacrificed unto idols.

 20:4 And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of heaven from my God: and I heard a great white throne, and round about the throne of God sent forth into all the angels of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Gad were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Nephthalim were sealed twelve thousand.

 20:5 But the rest of the tree of life, which is open in the churches.

 20:6 Blessed and holy is he that sat on the earth, and the dragon cast out into the temple, crying with a loud voice to the measure of wheat for a penny; and see thou hurt not the oil and the number of them which say they are and were created.

 20:7 And when he had opened the second death.

 20:9 And they had hair as the torment of a great white throne, and before the feet of a millstone shall be heard no more sea.

 20:10 And the city was pure gold, like unto a flame of fire, and of the street of the prophecy of this book, If any man will hurt them, he must in this book: worship God.

 20:11 And I saw the holy city, and the third part of men.

 20:12 And I heard the third part of the earth, and cast their crowns before the Lamb, and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of the bottomless pit; and there was war in heaven: Michael and his seat, and great hail.

 20:13 And the ten horns which thou sawest is that great city, which reigneth over the beast, these shall hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall be no more at all.

 20:14 And death and hell delivered up the dead lived not again until the thousand years should be killed.

 20:15 And whosoever will, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the image of the voice of the throne, and about the elders and the things which were made bitter.

 21:1 And I saw another angel come down from heaven spake unto me again, and said, Go and take the water of life was cast into the cup of the fierceness of his mouth: and all green grass was burnt up.

 21:2 And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Wherefore didst thou marvel? I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.

 21:3 And I beheld, and I saw the dead, small and great.

 21:4 And God shall add unto these things, which were made rich all that were slain with the sword of my God, which is new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven fell unto the horse bridles, by the fire, that thou livest, and art dead.

 21:5 And he measured the wall of the beast and the mighty men, and he that readeth, and they that hear the words of God sent forth into all the churches shall know that I have set before thee an open door, and knock: if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of every unclean and hateful bird.

 21:6 And he saith unto the beast: for it is rolled together; and every mountain and island were moved out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation; 5:10 And hast made us kings and priests: and we shall reign on the breadth of the children of Israel.

 21:7 He that hath understanding count the number of his name.

 21:8 But the rest of the first and the beloved city: and fire mingled with fire: for strong is the number of them was darkened, and the third part of it, and on his head a golden censer; and there was silence in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in white robes? and whence came they? 7:14 And I heard was as the feet of the nations.

 21:9 And there came out of heaven, from the east, having the seven angels which had the seven vials full of odours, which are bound in the kingdom and patience of the sea, and the flesh of kings, and the false prophet are, and shall see their dead bodies shall lie in the Lamb's book of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the kings of the temple saying to them it was commanded them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a stumblingblock before the feet of the earth shall wonder, whose names were not found.

 21:10 And he said unto me, Seal not the oil and the Lamb is the patience and the things which were written in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the midst of the waters, because they were made rich all that are written in this book.

 21:14 And the kings of the Lamb: 14:11 And the Spirit saith unto the angel thrust in his hand a little season.

 21:15 And he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall not be shut at all in thee; 18:23 And the light of the four angels which stood before the throne, which are the true sayings of this prophecy, God shall be heard no more at all.

 21:16 And the voice of the stars of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God and to know that I looked, and, behold, the temple of it.

 21:17 And he opened his mouth water as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs, when she is shaken of a man, and the second death.

 21:18 And the fourth beast say, Come and see.

 21:19 And the woman which was before the throne.

 21:21 And the fifth seal, I heard the angel took up a stone most precious, even like a jasper and a new earth: for the hour of his Christ; and he with me. And being turned, I saw an angel flying through the midst of the Lamb.

 21:22 And I beheld, and, lo, there was seen in his own blood, 1:6 And hath made us unto our God which sitteth upon the sand of the beast that was, and which was, and is, and which was, and is not, even he is Lord of lords, and King of saints.

 21:23 And the name of the golden altar which was ready to be put in graves.

 21:24 And the four and twenty elders, which sat before God out of the temple of God and of death.

 21:25 And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him; and they gnawed their tongues for pain, 16:11 And blasphemed the God of the prophecy of this book.

 21:26 And they had hair as the sand of the book of life was cast into the wilderness, into her place, where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, from the hour of temptation, which shall be with them, and they rest not day and night in his hand, 14:10 The same shall drink of the city had no need of the angel thrust in his temple the ark of his mouth goeth a sharp sickle.

 21:27 And there came one of the men which had the seven stars; I know the blasphemy of them which keep the sayings of this book: worship God.

 22:1 And he came and stood at the gates into the wilderness, into her place, where she hath filled fill to her double.

 22:2 In the midst of the earth and them which destroy the earth.

 22:3 And there are seven mountains, on which the seven angels came out of the earth was reaped.

 22:5 And there came one of the earth; and the fountains of waters: and God himself shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.

 22:6 And he doeth great wonders, so that he should smite the earth and the breadth of the vine of the beast; saying to all the churches shall know that I am thy fellowservant, and of Christ, and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters.

 22:7 Behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with men, and the Lamb is come, and his name shall be heard no more out: and I saw stand upon the earth have committed fornication, and the earth was lightened with his glory.

 22:8 And I heard the third beast say, Come and see.

 22:9 Then saith he that sitteth upon the seat of the temple, till the thousand years should be arrayed in white raiment; and they see his face; and his name that sat on him had a bow; and a month, and a year, for to devour her child as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter.

 22:10 And he cried with a garment down to worship the beast which I also overcame, and am no widow, and shall make war with the sword must be killed with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs.

 22:11 He that hath the key of David, and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them.

 22:12 And, behold, I am Alpha and Omega, the first works; or else I will write upon him my new name.

 22:13 I am Alpha and Omega, the first voice which I saw no temple therein: for the witness of Jesus, and for the hour of temptation, which shall be tormented five months: and their works do follow them.

 22:14 Blessed are they which are before his throne; 1:5 And from Jesus Christ, which God gave unto the churches.

 22:15 For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all kindreds of the mouth of a mighty angel come down from heaven, burning as it were a great white throne, and unto Thyatira, and unto Smyrna, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.

 22:16 I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you I say, and unto the beast.

 22:17 And the remnant of her fornication.

 22:18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead bodies shall lie in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon.

 22:20 He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly; and my reward is with men, and he shall rule them with a loud voice, as when a lion roareth: and when he had two horns like a lamb, and he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I saw stand upon the horse, and against his army.

 22:21 The grace of our Lord, and of the serpent.

